Of the theme that I have declared to you, I will now that ye make in harmony together a Great Music. And since I have kindled you with the Flame Imperishable, ye shall show forth your powers in adorning this theme, each with his own thoughts and devices, if he will. But I will sit and hearken, and be glad that through you great beauty has been wakened into song.  --  J. R. R. Tolkien in The Silmarillion
To understand the heart and mind of a person, look not at what he has already achieved, but what he aspires to.  --  Khalil Gibran
When I take people round to see my animals, one of the first questions they ask (unless the animal is cute and appealing) is, "what use is it?" by which they mean, "what use is it to them?" To this one can reply "What use is the Acropolis?" Does a creature have to be of direct material use to mankind in order to exist? By and large, by asking the question "what use is it?" you are asking the animal to justify its existence without having justified your own.  --  Gerald Durrell
My intent is to tell the truth as I know it, realizing that what is true for me may be blasphemy for others.  --  Gerry Spence
I am incapable of conceiving infinity, and yet I do not accept finity. I want this adventure that is the context of my life to go on without end.  --  Simone de Beauvoir
Corruption never has been compulsory; when the cities lie at the monster's feet there are left the mountains.  --  Robinson Jeffers
I should esteem it the extreme of imprudence to prolong the precarious state of our national affairs, and to expose the union to the jeopardy of successive experiments, in the chimerical pursuit of a perfect plan. I never expect to see a perfect work from imperfect man. The result of the deliberations of all collective bodies must necessarily be a compound as well of the errors and prejudices, as of the good sense and wisdom of the individuals of whom they are composed.  --  Alexander Hamilton
Whenever a separation is made between liberty and justice, neither, in my opinion, is safe.  --  Edmund Burke
Men, for years now, have been talking about war and peace. But now, no longer can they just talk about it. It is no longer a choice between violence and nonviolence in this world; it's nonviolence or nonexistence.  --  Martin Luther King, Jr.
Ours is an age which consciously pursues health, and yet only believes in the reality of sickness. The truths we respect are those born of affliction. We measure truth in terms of the cost to the writer in suffering — rather than by the standard of an objective truth to which a writer's words correspond. Each of our truths must have a martyr.  --  Susan Sontag
Duty is the sublimest word in our language. Do your duty in all things. You cannot do more. You should never wish to do less.  --  Robert E. Lee
To those who would tear the world down: We will defeat you. To those who seek peace and security: We support you. And to all those who have wondered if America's beacon still burns as bright: Tonight we proved once more that the true strength of our nation comes not from the might of our arms or the scale of our wealth, but from the enduring power of our ideals: democracy, liberty, opportunity and unyielding hope.  --  Barack Obama
That which is above comprehension we cannot perceive to be contradictory, nor on the other hand can we perceive its rationality or consistency.  --  Ethan Allen
True originality consists not in a new manner but in a new vision.  --  Edith Wharton
Each of us is full of too many wheels, screws and valves to permit us to judge one another on a first impression or by two or three external signs.  --  Anton Chekhov
Is there not glory enough in living the days given to us? You should know there is adventure in simply being among those we love and the things we love, and beauty, too.  -- Lloyd Alexander
Anybody can they say they are being "spiritual" — and they are, because everybody has some type and level of concern. Let us therefore see their actual conception, in thought and action, and see how many perspectives it is in fact concerned with, and how many perspectives it actually takes into account, and how many perspectives it attempts to integrate, and thus let us see how deep and how wide runs that bodhisattva vow to refuse rest until all perspectives whatsoever are liberated into their own primordial nature.  --  Ken Wilber
Only he who has measured the dominion of force, and knows how not to respect it, is capable of love and justice.  --  Simone Weil
If I had to choose, I would rather have birds than airplanes.  --  Charles Lindbergh
Enforced uniformity confounds civil and religious liberty and denies the principles of Christianity and civility. No man shall be required to worship or maintain a worship against his will.  --  Roger Williams
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn’t pass it on to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same...  --  Ronald Reagan
Extreme justice is an extreme injury: for we ought not to approve of those terrible laws that make the smallest offences capital, nor of that opinion of the Stoics that makes all crimes equal; as if there were no difference to be made between the killing a man and the taking his purse, between which, if we examine things impartially, there is no likeness nor proportion.  --  Thomas More .
Punishment is the last and least effective instrument in the hands of the legislator for the prevention of crime.  --  John Ruskin
I am a ridiculous man. They call me a madman now. That would be a distinct rise in my social position were it not that they still regard me as being as ridiculous as ever. But that does not make me angry any more. They are all dear to me now even while they laugh at me — yes, even then they are for some reason particularly dear to me. I shouldn't have minded laughing with them — not at myself, of course, but because I love them — had I not felt so sad as I looked at them. I feel sad because they do not know the truth, whereas I know it. Oh, how hard it is to be the only man to know the truth! But they won't understand that. No, they will not understand.  --  Fyodor Dostoevsky
The people who have sufficient passion for the truth to give the truth a chance to prevail, if it runs counter to their bias, are in a minority. How important is this "minority?" It is difficult to say at this point, for, at the present time their influence on governmental decisions is not perceptible.  --  Leó Szilárd
I shall try to correct errors when shown to be errors; and I shall adopt new views so fast as they shall appear to be true views.  --  Abraham Lincoln
Of what use to destroy the children of evil? It is evil itself we must destroy at the roots.  --  Eleanor Farjeon .
A religious education is an education which inculcates duty and reverence. Duty arises from our potential control over the course of events. Where attainable knowledge could have changed the issue, ignorance has the guilt of vice. And the foundation of reverence is this perception, that the present holds within itself the complete sum of existence, backwards and forwards, that whole amplitude of time, which is eternity.  --  Alfred North Whitehead
What one knows is, in youth, of little moment; they know enough who know how to learn.  --  Henry Adams
The Divine Light is always in man, presenting itself to the senses and to the comprehension, but man rejects it.  --  Giordano Bruno
Where are we going? Do not ask! Ascend, descend. There is no beginning and no end. Only this present moment exists, full of bitterness, full of sweetness, and I rejoice in it all.  --  Nikos Kazantzakis .
People have such terrible assumptions about ghosts — you know, phantoms that haunt you, that make you scared, that turn the house upside down. Yin people are not in our living presence but are around, and kind of guide you to insights. Like in Las Vegas when the bells go off, telling you you've hit the jackpot. Yin people ring the bells, saying, "Pay attention." And you say, "Oh, I see now." Yet I'm a fairly skeptical person. I'm educated, I'm reasonably sane, and I know that this subject is fodder for ridicule. ... To write the book, I had to put that aside. As with any book. I go through the anxiety, "What will people think of me for writing something like this?" But ultimately, I have to write what I have to write about, including the question of life continuing beyond our ordinary senses.  --  Amy Tan
How shall Integrity face Oppression? What shall Honesty do in the face of Deception, Decency in the face of Insult, Self-Defense before Blows? How shall Desert and Accomplishment meet Despising, Detraction, and Lies? What shall Virtue do to meet Brute Force? There are so many answers and so contradictory; and such differences for those on the one hand who meet questions similar to this once a year or once a decade, and those who face them hourly and daily.  --  W. E. B. Du Bois
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it.  --  George A. Moore
When the state murders, it assumes an authority I refuse to concede: the authority of perfect knowledge in final things.  --  John Leonard
If we could read the secret history of our enemies, we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility.  --  Henry Wadsworth Longfellow .
Virtue refuses facility for her companion ... the easy, gentle, and sloping path that guides the footsteps of a good natural disposition is not the path of true virtue. It demands a rough and thorny road.  --  Michel de Montaigne .
Ideals are like stars; you will not succeed in touching them with your hands. But like the seafaring man on the desert of waters, you choose them as your guides, and following them you will reach your destiny.  --  Carl Schurz .
The proper method for hastening the decay of error, is not, by brute force, or by regulation which is one of the classes of force, to endeavour to reduce men to intellectual uniformity; but on the contrary by teaching every man to think for himself.  --  William Godwin .
I honor my importance and the importance of others. None of us is dispensable, none of us is replacable. In the chorus of life each of us brings a True Note, a perfect pitch that adds to the harmony of the whole. I act creatively and consciously to actively endorse and encourage the expansion of those whose lives I touch. Believing in the goodness of each, I add to the goodness of all. We bless each other even in passing.  --  Julia Cameron .
It's easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission.  --  Grace Hopper .
A man contains all that is needed to make up a tree; likewise, a tree contains all that is needed to make up a man. Thus, finally, all things meet in all things, but we need a Prometheus to distill it.  --  Cyrano de Bergerac .
It is absurd to hold that a man ought to be ashamed of being unable to defend himself with his limbs but not of being unable to defend himself with speech and reason, when the use of reason is more distinctive of a human being than the use of his limbs.  --  Aristotle .
I think it not improbable that man, like the grub that prepares a chamber for the winged thing it never has seen but is to be — that man may have cosmic destinies that he does not understand.  --  Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Orbiting Earth in the spaceship, I saw how beautiful our planet is. People, let us preserve and increase this beauty, not destroy it!  --  Yuri Gagarin
For those to whom a stone reveals itself as sacred, its immediate reality is transmuted into supernatural reality. In other words, for those who have a religious experience all nature is capable of revealing itself as cosmic sacrality.  --  Mircea Eliade .
I believe there are more instances of the abridgement of the freedom of the people by gradual and silent encroachments of those in power than by violent and sudden usurpations.  --  James Madison
Society must be organized in such a way that man's social, loving nature is not separated from his social existence, but becomes one with it. If it is true, as I have tried to show, that love is the only sane and satisfactory answer to the problem of human existence, then any society which excludes, relatively, the development of love, must in the long run perish of its own contradiction with the basic necessities of human nature.  --  Erich Fromm
I perceive the world in fragments. It is somewhat like being on a very fast train and getting glimpses of things in strange scales as you pass by. A person can be very, very tiny. And a billboard can make a person very large. You see the corner of a house or you see a bird fly by, and it's all fragmented. Somehow, in painting I try to make some logic out of the world that has been given to me in chaos. I have a very pretentious idea that I want to make life, I want to make sense out of it. The fact that I am doomed to failure — that doesn't deter me in the least.  --  Grace Hartigan
History will judge societies and governments — and their institutions — not by how big they are or how well they serve the rich and the powerful, but by how effectively they respond to the needs of the poor and the helpless.  --  Cesar Chavez
Leadership is the art of accomplishing more than the science of management says is possible.  --  Colin Powell .
You can do a lot with diplomacy, but with diplomacy backed up by force you can get a lot more done.  --  Kofi Annan .
Any one who in discussion relies upon authority uses, not his understanding, but rather his memory. Good culture is born of a good disposition; and since the cause is more to be praised than the effect, I will rather praise a good disposition without culture, than good culture without the disposition.  --  Leonardo da Vinci .
It is our responsibilities, not ourselves, that we should take seriously.  --  Peter Ustinov .
The Anarchists never have claimed that liberty will bring perfection; they simply say that its results are vastly preferable to those that follow authority.  --  Benjamin Tucker .
Many a genius has been slow of growth. Oaks that flourish for a thousand years do not spring up into beauty like a reed.  --  George Henry Lewes .
I share the belief of many of my contemporaries that the spiritual crisis pervading all spheres of Western industrial society can be remedied only by a change in our world view. We shall have to shift from the materialistic, dualistic belief that people and their environment are separate, toward a new consciousness of an all-encompassing reality, which embraces the experiencing ego, a reality in which people feel their oneness with animate nature and all of creation.  --  Albert Hofmann‎ .
Schmendrick stepped out into the open and said a few words. They were short words, undistinguished either by melody or harshness, and Schmendrick himself could not hear them for the Red Bull's dreadful bawling. But he knew what they meant, and he knew exactly how to say them, and he knew that he could say them again when he wanted to, in the same way or in a different way. Now he spoke them gently and with joy, and as did so he felt his immortality fall from him like an armour, or like a shroud.  --  Peter S. Beagle in The Last Unicorn .
We define religion as the assumption that life has meaning. Religion, or lack of it, is shown not in some intellectual or verbal formulations but in one's total orientation to life. Religion is whatever the individual takes to be his ultimate concern. One's religious attitude is to be found at that point where he has a conviction that there are values in human existence worth living and dying for.  --  Rollo May .
We have lived by the assumption that what was good for us would be good for the world. We have been wrong. We must change our lives, so that it will be possible to live by the contrary assumption that what is good for the world will be good for us. ... We must recover the sense of the majesty of the creation and the ability to be worshipful in its presence. For it is only on the condition of humility and reverence before the world that our species will be able to remain in it.  --  Wendell Berry .
A new scientific truth does not triumph by convincing its opponents and making them see the light, but rather because its opponents eventually die, and a new generation grows up that is familiar with it.  --  Max Planck .
One need not hope in order to undertake, nor succeed in order to persevere.  --  William the Silent .
It is best to keep one’s own state intact; to crush the enemy’s state is only second best.  --  Sun Tzu .
If you spend your whole life waiting for the storm, you'll never enjoy the sunshine.  --  Morris West .
It is justice, not charity, that is wanting in the world.  --  Mary Wollstonecraft .
You can't go around building a better world for people. Only people can build a better world for people. Otherwise it's just a cage.  --  Terry Pratchett .
The god of war has gone over to the other side.  --  Adolf Hitler .
Before abstraction everything is one, but one like chaos; after abstraction everything is united again, but this union is a free binding of autonomous, self-determined beings. Out of a mob a society has developed, chaos has been transformed into a manifold world.  --  Novalis .
If any man seeks for greatness, let him forget greatness and ask for truth, and he will find both.  --  Horace Mann .
Do not interrupt the flight of your soul; do not distress what is best in you; do not enfeeble your spirit with half wishes and half thoughts. Ask yourself and keep on asking until you find the answer, for one may have known something many times, acknowledged it; one may have willed something many times, attempted it — and yet, only the deep inner motion, only the heart's indescribable emotion, only that will convince you that what you have acknowledged belongs to you, that no power can take it from you — for only the truth that builds up is truth for you.  --  Søren Kierkegaard, in Either/Or]] .
The voice of the intellect is a soft one, but it does not rest until it has gained a hearing. Ultimately, after endlessly repeated rebuffs, it succeeds. This is one of the few points in which it may be optimistic about the future of mankind, but in itself it signifies not a little.  --  Sigmund Freud .
It is possible for a dictator to govern in a liberal way. And it is also possible for a democracy to govern with a total lack of liberalism. Personally I prefer a liberal dictator to democratic government lacking liberalism.  --  Friedrich Hayek .
Is it not the interest of the human race, that every one should be so taught and placed, that he would find his highest enjoyment to arise from the continued practice of doing all in his power to promote the well-being, and happiness, of every man, woman, and child, without regard to their class, sect, party, country or colour?  --  Robert Owen .
I have learned to regard fame as a will-o-the-wisp which, when caught, is not worth the possession; but to please a child is a sweet and lovely thing that warms one's heart and brings its own reward.  --  L. Frank Baum .
I have learned, by some experience, that virtue and patriotism, vice and selfishness, are found in all parties, and that they differ less in their motives than in the policies they pursue.  --  William H. Seward .
There are cloudy moments when one asks himself if men do not deserve all the disasters into which they rush! No — I recover myself — they do not deserve them. But we, instead of saying "I wish" must say "I will." And what we will, we must will to build it, with order, with method, beginning at the beginning, when once we have been as far as that beginning. We must not only open our eyes, but our arms, our wings.  --  Henri Barbusse .
The impartiality which, in contemplation, is the unalloyed desire for truth, is the very same quality of mind which, in action, is justice, and in emotion is that universal love which can be given to all, and not only to those who are judged useful or admirable. Thus contemplation not only enlarges the objects of our thoughts, but also the objects of our actions and our affections: it makes us citizens of the universe, not only of one walled city at war with the rest. In this citizenship of the universe consists man's true freedom, and his liberation from the thralldom of narrow hopes and fears.  --  Bertrand Russell .
I wish to live because life has within it that which is good, that which is beautiful and that which is love. Therefore, since I have known all of these things, I have found them to be reason enough and — I wish to live. Moreover, because this is so, I wish others to live for generations and generations and generations.  --  Lorraine Hansberry .
The only purpose for which power can be rightfully exercised over any member of a civilized community, against his will, is to prevent harm to others. His own good, either physical or moral, is not a sufficient warrant. He cannot rightfully be compelled to do or forbear because it will be better for him to do so, because it will make him happier, because, in the opinions of others, to do so would be wise, or even right. These are good reasons for remonstrating with him, or reasoning with him, or persuading him or entreating him, but not for compelling him, or visiting him with any evil, in case he do otherwise.  --  John Stuart Mill .
Might the simple maxim, that honesty is the best policy be laid to heart! Might a sense of the true aims of life elevate the tone of politics and trade, till public and private honor become identical!  --  Margaret Fuller .
If there must be resolution and explanation, it must be something worth its weight in mystery. Most times, I'd be content with the mystery.  --  Caitlín R. Kiernan .
I am confirmed in my division of human energies. Ambitious people climb, but faithful people build.  --  Julia Ward Howe .
War of any kind is abhorrent. Remember that since the end of World War II, over 40 million people have been killed by conventional weapons. So, if we should succeed in averting nuclear war, we must not let ourselves be sold the alternative of conventional weapons for killing our fellow men. We must cure ourselves of the habit of war.  --  Patrick White .
The most unfathomable schools and sages have never attained to the gravity which dwells in the eyes of a baby of three months old. It is the gravity of astonishment at the universe, and astonishment at the universe is not mysticism, but a transcendent common-sense. The fascination of children lies in this: that with each of them all things are remade, and the universe is put again upon its trial.  --  G. K. Chesterton .
If I am not in the state of grace, may God put me there; and if I am, may God so keep me.  --  Jehanne Darc (Joan of Arc) .
It is a beautiful truth that all men contain something of the artist in them. And perhaps it is the case that the greatest artists live and die, the world and themselves alike ignorant what they possess. ... I think of few heroic actions, which cannot be traced to the artistical impulse. He who does great deeds, does them from his innate sensitiveness to moral beauty.  --  Walt Whitman .
Knowledge is meaningful only if it is reflected in action. The human race has found out the hard way that we are what we do, not just what we think. This is true for kids and adults — for schoolrooms and nations.  --  Robert Fulghum .
The ideas of economists and political philosophers, both when they are right and when they are wrong, are more powerful than is commonly understood. Indeed the world is ruled by little else. Practical men, who believe themselves to be quite exempt from any intellectual influence, are usually the slaves of some defunct economist. Madmen in authority, who hear voices in the air, are distilling their frenzy from some academic scribbler of a few years back.  --  John Maynard Keynes .
I will keep faith with death in my heart, yet will remember that faith with death and the dead is only wickedness and dark voluptuousness and enmity against humankind, if it is given power over our thought and contemplation. For the sake of goodness and love, man shall let death have no sovereignty over his thoughts. And with that, I wake up.  -- Thomas Mann .
Art hurts. Art urges voyages — and it is easier to stay at home.  --  Gwendolyn Brooks .
Our civil laws will never be supple enough to fit the immense and changing variety of facts. Laws change more slowly than custom, and though dangerous when they fall behind the times are more dangerous still when they presume to anticipate custom.  --  Marguerite Yourcenar .
There are some men whom a staggering emotional shock, so far from making them mental invalids for life, seems, on the other hand, to awaken, to galvanize, to arouse into an almost incredible activity of soul.  --  William McFee .
It is as painful perhaps to be awakened from a vision as to be born.  --  James Joyce in Ulysses .
The result of the struggle between the thought and the ability to express it, between dream and reality, is seldom more than a compromise or an approximation.  --  M. C. Escher .
It is an interesting law of romance that a truly strong woman will choose a strong man who disagrees with her over a weak one who goes along. Strength demands intelligence, intelligence demands stimulation, and weakness is boring. It is better to find a partner you can contend with for a lifetime than one who accommodates you because he doesn't really care.  --  Roger Ebert .
The quintessential revolution is that of the spirit, born of an intellectual conviction of the need for change in those mental attitudes and values which shape the course of a nation's development. A revolution which aims merely at changing official policies and institutions with a view to an improvement in material conditions has little chance of genuine success. Without a revolution of the spirit, the forces which produced the iniquities of the old order would continue to be operative, posing a constant threat to the process of reform and regeneration. It is not enough merely to call for freedom, democracy and human rights. There has to be a united determination to persevere in the struggle, to make sacrifices in the name of enduring truths, to resist the corrupting influences of desire, ill will, ignorance and fear.  --  Aung San Suu Kyi .
In tradition and in books an integral part of the individual persists, for it can influence the minds and actions of other people in different places and at different times: a row of black marks on a page can move a man to tears, though the bones of him that wrote it are long ago crumbled to dust. In truth, the whole progress of civilization is based upon this power.  --  Julian Huxley .
We have now sunk to a depth at which the restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men. ... Bully-worship, under various disguises, has become a universal religion, and such truisms as that a machine-gun is still a machine-gun even when a "good" man is squeezing the trigger ... have turned into heresies which it is actually becoming dangerous to utter.  --  George Orwell .
An intelligent, energetic, educated woman cannot be kept in four walls — even satin-lined, diamond-studded walls — without discovering sooner or later that they are still a prison cell.  --  Pearl S. Buck .
The bulk of the world’s knowledge is an imaginary construction.  --  Helen Keller .
Good laws lead to the making of better ones; bad ones bring about worse.  --  Jean-Jacques Rousseau .
Inspiration is not the exclusive privilege of poets or artists. There is, there has been, there will always be a certain group of people whom inspiration visits. It's made up of all those who've consciously chosen their calling and do their job with love and imagination. It may include doctors, teachers, gardeners — I could list a hundred more professions. Their work becomes one continuous adventure as long as they manage to keep discovering new challenges in it. Difficulties and setbacks never quell their curiosity. A swarm of new questions emerges from every problem that they solve. Whatever inspiration is, it's born from a continuous "I don't know."  --  Wisława Szymborska .
I will have poetry in my life. And adventure. And love. Love above all. No... not the artful postures of love, not playful and poetical games of love for the amusement of an evening, but love that... overthrows life. Unbiddable, ungovernable — like a riot in the heart, and nothing to be done, come ruin or rapture. Love — like there has never been in a play.  --  Tom Stoppard in Shakespeare in Love .
The greatest obstacle to being heroic is the doubt whether one may not be going to prove one's self a fool; the truest heroism is, to resist the doubt; and the profoundest wisdom, to know when it ought to be resisted, and when to be obeyed.  --  Nathaniel Hawthorne .
Life is not theory. It is reality, with inherent duties to everything and everyone.  --  Tivadar Csontváry Kosztka .
I believe that at every level of society — familial, tribal, national and international — the key to a happier and more successful world is the growth of compassion. We do not need to become religious, nor do we need to believe in an ideology. All that is necessary is for each of us to develop our good human qualities.  --  Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama .
I am free, no matter what rules surround me. If I find them tolerable, I tolerate them; if I find them too obnoxious, I break them. I am free because I know that I alone am morally responsible for everything I do.  --  Robert A. Heinlein in The Moon Is a Harsh Mistress .
There must be understanding between the artist and the people. In the best ages of art that has always been the case. Genius can probably run on ahead and seek out new ways. But the good artists who follow after genius — and I count myself among these — have to restore the lost connection once more.  --  Käthe Kollwitz .
We have to learn to think in a new way. We have to learn to ask ourselves, not what steps can be taken to give military victory to whatever group we prefer, for there no longer are such steps; the question we have to ask ourselves is: what steps can be taken to prevent a military contest of which the issue must be disastrous to all parties?  --  Bertrand Russell .
Universal peace as a result of cumulative effort through centuries past might come into existence quickly — not unlike a crystal that suddenly forms in a solution which has been slowly prepared.  --  Nikola Tesla .
Life's meaning has always eluded me and I guess it always will. But I love it just the same.  --  E. B. White .
No human being is constituted to know the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth; and even the best of men must be content with fragments, with partial glimpses, never the full fruition.  --  William Osler .
It is lack of confidence, more than anything else, that kills a civilisation. We can destroy ourselves by cynicism and disillusion, just as effectively as by bombs.  --  Kenneth Clark .
Freedom is not an exchange — it is freedom.  --  André Malraux .
There is no document of civilization which is not at the same time a document of barbarism.  --  Walter Benjamin .
Nothing limits intelligence more than ignorance; nothing fosters ignorance more than one's own opinions; nothing strengthens opinions more than refusing to look at reality.  -- Sheri S. Tepper .
I should like to be famous and unknown.  --  Edgar Degas .
Hitherto your eyes have been darkened and you have looked too much, yes, far too much, upon the things of earth. If these so much delight you what shall be your rapture when you lift your gaze to things eternal!  --  Petrarch .
Today is only one day in all the days that will ever be. But what will happen in all the other days that ever come can depend on what you do today. It's been that way all this year. It's been that way so many times. All of war is that way.  --  Ernest Hemingway .
There are two kinds of truth: the truth that lights the way and the truth that warms the heart. The first of these is science, and the second is art. Neither is independent of the other or more important than the other. Without art science would be as useless as a pair of high forceps in the hands of a plumber. Without science art would become a crude mess of folklore and emotional quackery. The truth of art keeps science from becoming inhuman, and the truth of science keeps art from becoming ridiculous.  --  Raymond Chandler .
The three greatest fools of history have been Jesus Christ, Don Quixote . . . and me!  --  Simón Bolívar .
We are so captivated by and entangled in our subjective consciousness that we have forgotten the age-old fact that God speaks chiefly through dreams and visions.  --  Carl Jung .
One writes out of one thing only — one's own experience. Everything depends on how relentlessly one forces from this experience the last drop, sweet or bitter, it can possibly give. This is the only real concern of the artist, to recreate out of the disorder of life that order which is art.  --  James Baldwin .
Perhaps there was no limit, there might, quite likely, be no such condition as the ultimate; there might be no time when any creature or any group of creatures could stop at any certain point and say, this is as far as we can go, there is no use of trying to go farther. For each new development produced, as side effects, so many other possibilities, so many other roads to travel, that with each step one took down any given road there were more paths to follow. There'd never be an end, he thought — no end to anything.  --  Clifford D. Simak .
Contrary to the rumours that you've heard, I was not born in a manger. I was actually born on Krypton and sent here by my father, Jor-El, to save the planet Earth.  --  Barack Obama .
No live organism can continue for long to exist sanely under conditions of absolute reality; even larks and katydids are supposed, by some, to dream.  --  Shirley Jackson .
If you are not ready, and did not know what to do, it could hurt you in different ways. It could knock you down, hard, or throw you against a tree or a wall. It is such a big explosion, it can smash in buildings and knock signboards over, and break windows all over town, but if you duck and cover, like Bert, you will be much safer.  --  Duck and Cover .
The one thing we know about torture is that it was never designed in the first place to get at the actual truth of anything; it was designed in the darkest days of human history to produce false confessions in order to annihilate political and religious dissidents. And that is how it always works: it gets confessions regardless of their accuracy.  --  Andrew Sullivan .
No external power, no terrorist organization, can defeat us. But we can defeat ourselves by getting caught in a quagmire.  --  George Soros .
Television has done much for psychiatry by spreading information about it, as well as contributing to the need for it.  --  Alfred Hitchcock .
One hour of life, crowded to the full with glorious action, and filled with noble risks, is worth whole years of those mean observances of paltry decorum, in which men steal through existence, like sluggish waters through a marsh, without either honour or observation.  --  Walter Scott .
If the art of war were nothing but the art of avoiding risks, glory would become the prey of mediocre minds. I have made all the calculations; fate will do the rest.  --  Napoleon I of France # Some men, like a tiled house, are long before they take fire, but once on flame there is no coming near to quench them.  .
Most of authors seek fame, but I seek for justice — a holier impulse than ever entered into the ambitious struggles of the votaries of that fickle, flirting goddess.  --  Davy Crockett .
The grand design of nature perceived broadly in four dimensions, including the forces that move the universe and created man, with special focus on evolution in our own biosphere, is something intrinsically good that it is right to preserve and enhance, and wrong to destroy and degrade.  --  Roger Wolcott Sperry .
Ambiguity of language is philosophy's main source of problems. That is why it is of the utmost importance to examine attentively the very words we use.  --  Giuseppe Peano .
The ironist is not bitter, he does not seek to undercut everything that seems worthy or serious, he scorns the cheap scoring-off of the wisecracker. He stands, so to speak, somewhat at one side, observes and speaks with a moderation which is occasionally embellished with a flash of controlled exaggeration. He speaks from a certain depth, and thus he is not of the same nature as the wit, who so often speaks from the tongue and no deeper. The wit's desire is to be funny; the ironist is only funny as a secondary achievement.  --  Robertson Davies .
Poets are never young, in one sense. Their delicate ear hears the far-off whispers of eternity, which coarser souls must travel towards for scores of years before their dull sense is touched by them. A moment's insight is sometimes worth a life's experience.  --  Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.  .
If you're in the luckiest 1 per cent of humanity, you owe it to the rest of humanity to think about the other 99 per cent.  --  Warren Buffett .
The price of hating other human beings is loving oneself less.  --  Eldridge Cleaver .
Crazy Horse dreamed and went into the world where there is nothing but the spirits of all things. That is the real world that is behind this one, and everything we see here is something like a shadow from that one.  --  Black Elk .
An opinion, right or wrong, can never constitute a moral offense, nor be in itself a moral obligation. It may be mistaken; it may involve an absurdity, or a contradiction. It is a truth; or it is an error: it can never be a crime or a virtue.  --  Frances Wright .
As for the usefulness of poetry, its uses are many. It is the deification of reality. It should make our days holy to us. The poet should speak to all men, for a moment, of that other life of theirs that they have smothered and forgotten.  --  Edith Sitwell .
The entire universe is perfused with signs, if it is not composed exclusively of signs.  --  Charles Sanders Peirce .
We have entered the third millennium through a gate of fire. If today, after the horror of 11 September, we see better, and we see further — we will realize that humanity is indivisible. New threats make no distinction between races, nations or regions. A new insecurity has entered every mind, regardless of wealth or status. A deeper awareness of the bonds that bind us all — in pain as in prosperity — has gripped young and old. In the early beginnings of the 21st century — a century already violently disabused of any hopes that progress towards global peace and prosperity is inevitable — this new reality can no longer be ignored. It must be confronted.  --  Kofi Annan .
It is fortunate that each generation does not comprehend its own ignorance. We are thus enabled to call our ancestors barbarous.  --  Charles Dudley Warner .
Everyone in the world is Christ and they are all crucified.  --  Sherwood Anderson .
An idealist believes the short run doesn't count. A cynic believes the long run doesn't matter. A realist believes that what is done or left undone in the short run determines the long run.  --  Sydney J. Harris .
The impossible cannot have happened, therefore the impossible must be possible in spite of appearances.  --  Agatha Christie .
To contribute usefully to the advance of science, one must sometimes not disdain from undertaking simple verifications.  --  Léon Foucault
The most important things are the hardest things to say. They are the things you get ashamed of, because words diminish them — words shrink things that seemed limitless when they were in your head to no more than living size when they're brought out. But it's more than that, isn't it? The most important things lie too close to wherever your secret heart is buried, like landmarks to a treasure your enemies would love to steal away. And you may make revelations that cost you dearly only to have people look at you in a funny way, not understanding what you've said at all, or why you thought it was so important that you almost cried while you were saying it. That's the worst, I think. When the secret stays locked within not for want of a teller, but for want of an understanding ear.  --  Stephen King
I have far more confidence in the one man who works mentally and bodily at a matter than in the six who merely talk about it … Nature is our kindest friend and best critic in experimental science if we only allow her intimations to fall unbiased on our minds. Nothing is so good as an experiment which, whilst it sets an error right, gives us (as a reward for our humility in being reproved) an absolute advancement in knowledge.  --  Michael Faraday
The improver of natural knowledge absolutely refuses to acknowledge authority, as such. For him, scepticism is the highest of duties; blind faith the one unpardonable sin. And it cannot be otherwise, for every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority, the cherishing of the keenest scepticism, the annihilation of the spirit of blind faith; and the most ardent votary of science holds his firmest convictions, not because the men he most venerates hold them; not because their verity is testified by portents and wonders; but because his experience teaches him that whenever he chooses to bring these convictions into contact with their primary source, Nature — whenever he thinks fit to test them by appealing to experiment and to observation — Nature will confirm them. The man of science has learned to believe in justification, not by faith, but by verification.  --  Thomas Henry Huxley .
Once one is caught up into the material world not one person in ten thousand finds the time to form literary taste, to examine the validity of philosophic concepts for himself, or to form what, for lack of a better phrase, I might call the wise and tragic sense of life.  --  F. Scott Fitzgerald .
No one is without Christianity, if we agree on what we mean by that word. It is every individual’s individual code of behavior by means of which he makes himself a better human being than his nature wants to be, if he followed his nature only. Whatever its symbol — cross or crescent or whatever — that symbol is man’s reminder of his duty inside the human race.  --  William Faulkner .
It is the way of the superior man to prefer the concealment of his virtue, while it daily becomes more illustrious, and it is the way of the mean man to seek notoriety, while he daily goes more and more to ruin. It is characteristic of the superior man, appearing insipid, yet never to produce satiety; while showing a simple negligence, yet to have his accomplishments recognized; while seemingly plain, yet to be discriminating. He knows how what is distant lies in what is near. He knows where the wind proceeds from. He knows how what is minute becomes manifested. Such a one, we may be sure, will enter into virtue.  --  Confucius .
The truth is that my work — I was going to say my mission — is to shatter the faith of men here, there, and everywhere, faith in affirmation, faith in negation, and faith in abstention in faith, and this for the sake of faith in faith itself; it is to war against all those who submit, whether it be to Catholicism, or to rationalism, or to agnosticism; it is to make all men live the life of inquietude and passionate desire.  --  Miguel de Unamuno .
The ideally non-violent state will be an ordered anarchy. That State is the best governed which is governed the least.  --  Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi .
I have always felt that no matter how inscrutable its ways and means, the universe is working perfectly and working according to a greater plan than we can know.  --  John Perry Barlow .
Disunion and civil war are at hand; and yet I fear disunion and war less than compromise. We can recover from them. The free States alone, if we must go on alone, will make a glorious nation.  --  Rutherford B. Hayes .
The only real hope of people today is probably a renewal of our certainty that we are rooted in the earth and, at the same time, in the cosmos. This awareness endows us with the capacity for self-transcendence. Politicians at international forums may reiterate a thousand times that the basis of the new world order must be universal respect for human rights, but it will mean nothing as long as this imperative does not derive from the respect of the miracle of Being, the miracle of the universe, the miracle of nature, the miracle of our own existence. Only someone who submits to the authority of the universal order and of creation, who values the right to be a part of it and a participant in it, can genuinely value himself and his neighbors, and thus honor their rights as well.  --  Václav Havel .
One always feels that a merely educated man holds his philosophical views as if they were so many pennies in his pocket. They are separate from his life. Whereas with a cultured man there is no gap or lacuna between his opinions and his life. Both are dominated by the same organic, inevitable fatality. They are what he is.  --  John Cowper Powys .
Do what you feel in your heart to be right — for you'll be criticized anyway. You'll be "damned if you do, and damned if you don't."  --  Eleanor Roosevelt .
I admit that my visions can never mean to other men as much as they do to me. I do not regret this. All I ask is that my results should convince seekers after truth that there is beyond doubt something worth while seeking, attainable by methods more or less like mine. I do not want to father a flock, to be the fetish of fools and fanatics, or the founder of a faith whose followers are content to echo my opinions. I want each man to cut his own way through the jungle.  --  Aleister Crowley .
In every civilization, however generally prosaic, however addicted to the short-time point of view on human affairs, there are always certain alien spirits who, while outwardly conforming to the requirements of the civilization around them, still keep a disinterested regard for the plain intelligible law of things, irrespective of any practical end. They have an intellectual curiosity, sometimes touched with emotion, concerning the august order of nature; they are impressed by the contemplation of it, and like to know as much about it as they can, even in circumstances where its operation is ever so manifestly unfavourable to their best hopes and wishes.  --  Albert Jay Nock .
We must be ready to dare all for our country. For history does not long entrust the care of freedom to the weak or the timid. We must acquire proficiency in defense and display stamina in purpose. We must be willing, individually and as a Nation, to accept whatever sacrifices may be required of us. A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both.  --  Dwight D. Eisenhower .
When the modern corporation acquires power over markets, power in the community, power over the state and power over belief, it is a political instrument, different in degree but not in kind from the state itself. To hold otherwise — to deny the political character of the modern corporation — is not merely to avoid the reality. It is to disguise the reality. The victims of that disguise are the students who instruct in error. Let there be no question: economics, so long as it is thus taught, becomes, however unconsciously, a part of the arrangement by which the citizen or student is kept from seeing how he or she is, or will be, governed.  --  John Kenneth Galbraith .
The liberties of none are safe unless the liberties of all are protected.  --  William O. Douglas .
The law of cases of necessity is not likely to be well furnished with precise rules; necessity creates the law, it supersedes rules; and whatever is reasonable and just in such cases, is likewise legal; it is not to be considered as matter of surprise, therefore, if much instituted rule is not to be found on such subjects.  --  William Scott .
To produce a mighty book, you must choose a mighty theme. No great and enduring volume can ever be written on the flea, though many there be who have tried it.  --  Herman Melville in Moby-Dick .
The cycle of the machine is now coming to an end. Man has learned much in the hard discipline and the shrewd, unflinching grasp of practical possibilities that the machine has provided in the last three centuries: but we can no more continue to live in the world of the machine than we could live successfully on the barren surface of the moon.  -- Lewis Mumford .
I say one must be a seer, make oneself a seer. The poet makes himself a seer by an immense, long, deliberate derangement of all the senses.  --  Arthur Rimbaud .
If we must all agree, all work together, we're no better than a machine. If an individual can't work in solidarity with his fellows, it's his duty to work alone. His duty and his right. We have been denying people that right. We've been saying, more and more often, you must work with the others, you must accept the rule of the majority. But any rule is tyranny. The duty of the individual is to accept no rule, to be the initiator of his own acts, to be responsible. Only if he does so will the society live, and change, and adapt, and survive. We are not subjects of a State founded upon law, but members of a society founded upon revolution. Revolution is our obligation: our hope of evolution.  --  Ursula K. Le Guin in The Dispossessed .
The best doctors found a middle position where they were neither overwhelmed by their feelings nor estranged from them. That was the most difficult position of all, and the precise balance — neither too detached nor too caring — was something few learned.  --  Michael Crichton .
Courage is not the absence of fear but the awareness that something else is more important.  --  Stephen Covey .
No man is justified in doing evil on the grounds of expediency.  --  Theodore Roosevelt .
Paradoxically, the man who has failed and one who is at the peak of success are in exactly the same position. Each must decide what he will do next, choose the course that will lead him to the future.  --  Jigoro Kano .
If you're a leader, you don't push wet spaghetti, you pull it. The U.S. Army still has to learn that. The British understand it. Patton understood it. I always admired Patton. Oh, sure, the stupid bastard was crazy. He was insane. He thought he was living in the Dark Ages. Soldiers were peasants to him. I didn't like that attitude, but I certainly respected his theories and the techniques he used to get his men out of their foxholes.  --  Bill Mauldin .
As to the history of the revolution, my ideas may be peculiar, perhaps singular. What do we mean by the Revolution? The war? That was no part of the revolution; it was only an effect and consequence of it. The revolution was in the minds of the people.  --  John Adams .
Follow the voice of your heart, even if it leads you off the path of timid souls. Do not become hard and embittered, even if life tortures you at times. There is only one thing that counts: to live one's life well and happily...  --  Wilhelm Reich .
People often ask me, "Will, where do you get your jokes?" I just tell 'em, 'Well, I watch the government and report the facts, that is all I do, and I don't even find it necessary to exaggerate.  --  Will Rogers .
I may not be able to say all I think; but I am not going to say anything that I do not think. I would rather a thousand times be a free soul in jail than to be a sycophant and coward in the streets.  --  Eugene V. Debs .
The appearance of a single great genius is more than equivalent to the birth of a hundred mediocrities.  --  Cesare Lombroso .
All systems of morality are based on the idea that an action has consequences that legitimize or cancel it. A mind imbued with the absurd merely judges that those consequences must be considered calmly. It is ready to pay up. In other words, there may be responsible persons, but there are no guilty ones, in its opinion. At very most, such a mind will consent to use past experience as a basis for its future actions.  --  Albert Camus .
He that made all things for love, by the same love keepeth them, and shall keep them without end.  --  Julian of Norwich .
I had an experience... I can't prove it, I can't even explain it, but everything that I know as a human being, everything that I am tells me that it was real! I was given something wonderful, something that changed me forever... A vision of the universe that tells us, undeniably, how tiny, and insignificant and how ... rare, and precious we all are! A vision that tells us that we belong to something that is greater than ourselves, that we are not — that none of us — are alone! ... I wish I could share that. I wish, that everyone, if only for one moment, could feel that awe, and humility, and hope. But ... that continues to be my wish.  --  "Ellie Arroway" in Contact based on the novel by Carl Sagan .
Man only plays when in the full meaning of the word he is a man, and he is only completely a man when he plays.  --  Friedrich Schiller .
I have seen the truth; I have seen and I know that people can be beautiful and happy without losing the power of living on earth. I will not and cannot believe that evil is the normal condition of mankind. And it is just this faith of mine that they laugh at. But how can I help believing it? I have seen the truth — it is not as though I had invented it with my mind, I have seen it, seen it, and the living image of it has filled my soul for ever. I have seen it in such full perfection that I cannot believe that it is impossible for people to have it. And so how can I go wrong? I shall make some slips no doubt, and shall perhaps talk in second-hand language, but not for long: the living image of what I saw will always be with me and will always correct and guide me. Oh, I am full of courage and freshness, and I will go on and on if it were for a thousand years! Do you know, at first I meant to conceal the fact that I corrupted them, but that was a mistake — that was my first mistake! But truth whispered to me that I was lying, and preserved me and corrected me. But how establish paradise — I don't know, because I do not know how to put it into words. After my dream I lost command of words. All the chief words, anyway, the most necessary ones. But never mind, I shall go and I shall keep talking, I won't leave off, for anyway I have seen it with my own eyes, though I cannot describe what I saw. But the scoffers do not understand that. It was a dream, they say, delirium, hallucination. Oh! As though that meant so much! And they are so proud! A dream! What is a dream? And is not our life a dream? I will say more. Suppose that this paradise will never come to pass (that I understand), yet I shall go on preaching it. And yet how simple it is: in one day, in one hour everything could be arranged at once! The chief thing is to love others like yourself, that's the chief thing, and that's everything; nothing else is wanted — you will find out at once how to arrange it all. And yet it's an old truth which has been told and retold a billion times — but it has not formed part of our lives! The consciousness of life is higher than life, the knowledge of the laws of happiness is higher than happiness — that is what one must contend against. And I shall. If only everyone wants it, it can be arranged at once.  --  Fyodor Dostoevsky in The Dream of a Ridiculous Man .
If the learned and worldly-wise men of this age were to allow mankind to inhale the fragrance of fellowship and love, every understanding heart would apprehend the meaning of true liberty, and discover the secret of undisturbed peace and absolute composure.  --  Bahá'u'lláh .
The good man, though a slave, is free; the wicked, though he reigns, is a slave, and not the slave of a single man, but — what is worse — the slave of as many masters as he has vices.  --  Augustine of Hippo .
The world of today has achieved much, but for all its declared love for humanity, it has based itself far more on hatred and violence than on the virtues that make one human. War is the negation of truth and humanity. War may be unavoidable sometimes, but its progeny are terrible to contemplate. Not mere killing, for man must die, but the deliberate and persistent propagation of hatred and falsehood, which gradually become the normal habits of the people. It is dangerous and harmful to be guided in our life's course by hatreds and aversions, for they are wasteful of energy and limit and twist the mind and prevent it from perceiving truth.  --  Jawaharlal Nehru .
A phrase begins life as a literary expression; its felicity leads to its lazy repetition; and repetition soon establishes it as a legal formula, undiscriminatingly used to express different and sometimes contradictory ideas.  --  Felix Frankfurter .
There will not be one kind of community existing and one kind of life led in utopia. Utopia will consist of utopias, of many different and divergent communities in which people lead different kinds of lives under different institutions. Some kinds of communities will be more attractive to most than others; communities will wax and wane. People will leave some for others or spend their whole lives in one. Utopia is a framework for utopias, a place where people are at liberty to join together voluntarily to pursue and attempt to realize their own vision of the good life in the ideal community but where no one can impose his own utopian vision upon others.  --  Robert Nozick .
Make no laws whatever concerning speech, and speech will be free; so soon as you make a declaration on paper that speech shall be free, you will have a hundred lawyers proving that "freedom does not mean abuse, nor liberty license"; and they will define and define freedom out of existence. Let the guarantee of free speech be in every man's determination to use it, and we shall have no need of paper declarations. On the other hand, so long as the people do not care to exercise their freedom, those who wish to tyrannize will do so; for tyrants are active and ardent, and will devote themselves in the name of any number of gods, religious and otherwise, to put shackles upon sleeping men.  --  Voltairine de Cleyre .
Ideas, unlike solid structures, do not perish. They remain immortal, immaterial and everywhere, like all Divine things. Ideas are a golden, savage landscape that we wander unaware, without a map. Be careful: in the last analysis, reality may be exactly what we think it is.  --  Alan Moore .
Nobody but radicals have ever accomplished anything in a great crisis.  --  [[James A. Garfield .
An extraordinary amount of arrogance is present in any claim of having been the first in "inventing" something. It's an arrogance that some enjoy, and others do not. Now I reach beyond arrogance when I proclaim that fractals had been pictured forever but their true role remained unrecognized and waited for me to be uncovered.  --  Benoît Mandelbrot .
"Man's inhumanity to man" is not the last word. The truth lies deeper. It is economic slavery, the savage struggle for a crumb, that has converted mankind into wolves and sheep.  --  Alexander Berkman .
It is better to be hated for what you are than loved for what you are not.  --  André Gide .
Revolutions of ages do not oft recover the loss of a rejected truth, for the want of which whole nations fare the worse.  --  John Milton in Areopagitica .
The battle to save life is still going on. … This battle to save life will eventually be won. … Blind faith in established experience has been shattered, outmoded regulations have been smashed.  --  Ba Jin .
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art, like the universe itself (for God did not need to create). It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.  --  C. S. Lewis .
When a great genius appears in the world the dunces are all in confederacy against him.  --  Jonathan Swift .
It is not enough to have a beautiful voice. What does that mean? When you interpret a role, you have to have a thousand colors to portray happiness, joy, sorrow, fear. How can you do this with only a beautiful voice? Even if you sing harshly sometimes, as I have frequently done, it is a necessity of expression. You have to do it, even if people will not understand. But in the long run they will, because you must persuade them of what you're doing.  --  Maria Callas .
The changing wisdom of successive generations discards ideas, questions facts, demolishes theories. But the artist appeals to that part of our being which is not dependent on wisdom: to that in us which is a gift and not an acquisition — and, therefore, more permanently enduring. He speaks to our capacity for delight and wonder, to the sense of mystery surrounding our lives; to our sense of pity, and beauty, and pain; to the latent feeling of fellowship with all creation — and to the subtle but invincible, conviction of solidarity that knits together the loneliness of innumerable hearts: to the solidarity in dreams, in joy, in sorrow, in aspirations, in illusions, in hope, in fear, which binds men to each other, which binds together all humanity — the dead to the living and the living to the unborn.  --  Joseph Conrad in The Nigger of the 'Narcissus' .
Whenever we proceed from the known into the unknown we may hope to understand, but we may have to learn at the same time a new meaning of the word "understanding."  --  Werner Heisenberg .
Whenever we can trace back a religion to its first beginnings, we find it free from many of the blemishes that offend us in its later phases. The founders of the ancient religions of the world, as far as we can judge, were minds of a high stamp, full of noble aspirations, yearning for truth, devoted to the welfare of their neighbors, examples of purity and unselfishness. What they desired to found upon earth was but seldom realized, and their sayings, if preserved in their original form, offer often a strange contrast to the practice of those who profess to be their disciples.  --  Max Müller .
That which is not just, is not Law; and that which is not Law, ought not to be obeyed.  --  Algernon Sydney .
An author in his book must be like God in the universe, present everywhere and visible nowhere.  --  Gustave Flaubert .
The best of ideas is hurt by uncritical acceptance and thrives on critical examination.  --  George Pólya .
The project of organizing a democratic political movement entails the hope that one's ideas and beliefs are not merely idiosyncratic but speak to vital human needs, interests and desires, and therefore will be persuasive to many and ultimately most people. But this is a very different matter from deciding to put forward only those ideas presumed (accurately or not) to be compatible with what most people already believe.  --  Ellen Willis .
The Universe is made of stories, not of atoms.  --  Muriel Rukeyser .
Progress, far from consisting in change, depends on retentiveness. When change is absolute there remains no being to improve and no direction is set for possible improvement: and when experience is not retained, as among savages, infancy is perpetual. Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.  --  George Santayana .
Those who have served the cause of the revolution have plowed the sea.  --  Simón Bolívar .
I was persuaded and am, that God's way is first to turn a soul from its idols, both of heart, worship, and conversation, before it is capable of worship to the true and living God.  --  Roger Williams .
God is not, as in scholasticism, the final subject of all predicates. He is being as unpredicable. The existence of the creature, in so far as it exists, is the existence of God, and the creature’s experience of God is therefore in the final analysis equally unpredicable. Neither can even be described; both can only be indicated. We can only point at reality, our own or God’s. The soul comes to the realization of God by knowledge, not as in the older Christian mysticism by love. Love is the garment of knowledge. The soul first trains itself by systematic unknowing until at last it confronts the only reality, the only knowledge, God manifest in itself. The soul can say nothing about this experience in the sense of defining it. It can only reveal it to others.  --  Kenneth Rexroth .
We learn wisdom from failure much more than from success. We often discover what will do, by finding out what will not do; and probably he who never made a mistake never made a discovery.  --  Samuel Smiles .
Here is my first principle of foreign policy: good government at home.  --  William Ewart Gladstone .
One makes mistakes; that is life. But it is never a mistake to have loved.  --  Romain Rolland .
At each stage I reach a balance, a conclusion. At the next sitting, if I find that there is a weakness in the whole, I make my way back into the picture by means of the weakness — I re-enter through the breach — and I reconceive the whole. Thus everything becomes fluid again.  --  Henri Matisse .
Science fiction writers foresee the inevitable, and although problems and catastrophes may be inevitable, solutions are not.  --  Isaac Asimov .
He who looks on a true friend looks, as it were, upon a kind of image of himself: wherefore friends, though absent, are still present; though in poverty, they are rich; though weak, yet in the enjoyment of health; and, what is still more difficult to assert, though dead, they are alive.  --  Cicero .
In view of the fact that God limited the intelligence of man, it seems unfair that he did not also limit his stupidity.  --  Konrad Adenauer .
Your thought advocates fame and show. Mine counsels me and implores me to cast aside notoriety and treat it like a grain of sand cast upon the shore of eternity. Your thought instills in your heart arrogance and superiority. Mine plants within me love for peace and the desire for independence. Your thought begets dreams of palaces with furniture of sandalwood studded with jewels, and beds made of twisted silk threads. My thought speaks softly in my ears, "Be clean in body and spirit even if you have nowhere to lay your head." Your thought makes you aspire to titles and offices. Mine exhorts me to humble service.  --  Khalil Gibran .
We have inherited an incredibly beautiful and complex garden, but the trouble is that we have been appallingly bad gardeners. We have not bothered to acquaint ourselves with the simplest principles of gardening. By neglecting our garden, we are storing up for ourselves, in the not very distant future, a world catastrophe as bad as any atomic war, and we are doing it with all the bland complacency of an idiot child chopping up a Rembrandt with a pair of scissors.  --  Gerald Durrell .
Some would be sages if they did not believe they were so already.  --  Baltasar Gracián .
The individual is defined only by his relationship to the world and to other individuals; he exists only by transcending himself, and his freedom can be achieved only through the freedom of others.  --  Simone de Beauvoir .
All power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutely. Great men are almost always bad men, even when they exercise influence and not authority: still more when you superadd the tendency or the certainty of corruption by authority. There is no worse heresy than that the office sanctifies the holder of it.  --  John Dalberg-Acton, 1st Baron Acton .
We are closer to God when we are asking questions than when we think we have the answers.  --  Abraham Joshua Heschel .
The use of force alone is but temporary. It may subdue for a moment; but it does not remove the necessity of subduing again: and a nation is not governed, which is perpetually to be conquered.  --  Edmund Burke .
Ill can he rule the great, that cannot reach the small.  --  Edmund Spenser .
To relate oneself in the spirit of reverence for life to the multiform manifestations of the will-to-live which together constitute the world is ethical mysticism. All profound world-view is mysticism, the essence of which is just this: that out of my unsophisticated and naïve existence in the world there comes, as a result of thought about self and the world, spiritual self-devotion to the mysterious infinite Will which is continuously manifested in the universe.  --  Albert Schweitzer .
We are told we must choose — the old or the new. In fact, we must choose both. What is a life if not a series of negotiations between the old and the new? It seems to me that one should always be seeking to talk oneself out of these stark oppositions.  --  Susan Sontag .
I think all the heretics I have known have been virtuous men. They have the virtue of fortitude or they would not venture to own their heresy; and they cannot afford to be deficient in any of the other virtues, as that would give advantage to their many enemies; and they have not like orthodox sinners, such a number of friends to excuse or justify them. Do not, however mistake me. It is not to my good friend's heresy that I impute his honesty. On the contrary, 'tis his honesty that has brought upon him the character of heretic.  --  Benjamin Franklin .
"Elohim," the name for the creative power in Genesis, is a female plural, a fact that generations of learned rabbis and Christian theologians have all explained as merely grammatical convention. The King James and most other Bibles translate it as "God," but if you take the grammar literally, it seems to mean "goddesses." Al Shaddai, god of battles, appears later, and YHWH, mispronounced Jehovah, later still.  --  Robert Anton Wilson .
I cannot consent to place in the control of others one who cannot control himself.  --  Robert E. Lee .
The gods of the valley are not the gods of the hills, and you shall understand it.  --  Ethan Allen .
Certainly, in taking revenge, a man is but even with his enemy; but in passing it over, he is superior; for it is a prince's part to pardon.  --  Francis Bacon .
There is no such thing as natural law, the expression is nothing more than a silly anachronism … There is no such thing as right, except when there is a law to forbid a certain thing under pain of punishment. Before law existed, the only natural thing was the strength of the lion, or the need of a creature who was cold or hungry, to put it in one word, need.  --  Stendhal .
Perhaps the only misplaced curiosity is that which persists in trying to find out here, on this side of death, what lies beyond the grave.  --  Colette .
It is never to be expected in a revolution that every man is to change his opinion at the same moment. There never yet was any truth or any principle so irresistibly obvious that all men believed it at once. Time and reason must cooperate with each other to the final establishment of any principle; and therefore those who may happen to be first convinced have not a right to persecute others, on whom conviction operates more slowly. The moral principle of revolutions is to instruct, not to destroy.  --  Thomas Paine .
I have marched in many a battle host, but I have also planted seeds and reaped the harvest with my own hands. And I have learned there is greater honor in a field well plowed than in a field steeped in blood.  --  Lloyd Alexander .
Attunement could occur through any of the great religions, but would be tied exclusively to none of them. A person could be attuned to an "integral spirituality" while still be a practicing Christian, Buddhist, New-Age advocate, or Neopagan. This would be something added to one's religion, not subtracted from it. The only thing it would subtract (and there's no way around this) is the belief that one's own path is the only true path to salvation.  --  Ken Wilber .
When the soul of a man is born in this country there are nets flung at it to hold it back from flight. You talk to me of nationality, language, religion. I shall try to fly by those nets.  --  James Joyce .
Rights are always asserted in a tone of contention; and when this tone is adopted, it must rely upon force in the background, or else it will be laughed at.  --  Simone Weil .
Getting up and criticising the other fellow because he's in and you are not seems to me a futile waste of time. Especially as you know in your heart that you would be doing more or less the same thing if you were in his place.  --  Hartley Shawcross, Baron Shawcross .
For my part I believe in the forgiveness of sin and the redemption of ignorance.  --  Adlai Stevenson .
I believe with all my heart that our first priority must be world peace, and that use of force is always and only a last resort, when everything else has failed, and then only with regard to our national security.  --  Ronald Reagan .
In no victory do they glory so much as in that which is gained by dexterity and good conduct without bloodshed. In such cases they appoint public triumphs, and erect trophies to the honour of those who have succeeded; for then do they reckon that a man acts suitably to his nature, when he conquers his enemy in such a way as that no other creature but a man could be capable of, and that is by the strength of his understanding.  --  Thomas More .
There is no wealth but life. Life, including all its powers of love, of joy, and of admiration. That country is the richest which nourishes the greatest numbers of noble and happy human beings; that man is richest, who, having perfected the functions of his own life to the utmost, has also the widest helpful influence, both personal, and by means of his possessions, over the lives of others.  --  John Ruskin .
It is the eternal struggle between these two principles — right and wrong — throughout the world. They are the two principles that have stood face to face from the beginning of time; and will ever continue to struggle. The one is the common right of humanity, and the other the divine right of kings. It is the same principle in whatever shape it develops itself. It is the same spirit that says, "You toil and work and earn bread, and I'll eat it." No matter in what shape it comes, whether from the mouth of a king who seeks to bestride the people of his own nation and live by the fruit of their labor, or from one race of men as an apology for enslaving another race, it is the same tyrannical principle.  --  Abraham Lincoln .
Religion will not regain its old power until it can face change in the same spirit as does science. Its principles may be eternal, but the expression of those principles requires continual development.  --  Alfred North Whitehead .
Knowledge of human nature is the beginning and end of political education.  --  Henry Adams .
I understand Being in all and over all, as there is nothing without participation in Being, and there is no being without Essence. Thus nothing can be free of the Divine Presence.  --  Giordano Bruno .
We are beginning to see the influence of dream upon reality and reality upon dream.  --  Anaïs Nin .
God grant me the courage not to give up what I think is right even though I think it is hopeless.  --  Chester W. Nimitz .
If there is victory in overcoming the enemy, there is a greater victory when a man overcomes himself.  --  José de San Martín .
God manifests himself to us in the first degree through the life of the universe, and in the second degree through the thought of man. The second manifestation is not less holy than the first. The first is named Nature, the second is named Art.  --  Victor Hugo .
Every great poem is in itself limited by necessity, — but in its suggestions unlimited and infinite.  --  Henry Wadsworth Longfellow .
Science cannot be stopped. Man will gather knowledge no matter what the consequences — and we cannot predict what they will be. Science will go on — whether we are pessimistic, or are optimistic, as I am. I know that great, interesting, and valuable discoveries can be made and will be made… But I know also that still more interesting discoveries will be made that I have not the imagination to describe — and I am awaiting them, full of curiosity and enthusiasm.  --  Linus Pauling .
I believe in the cosmos. All of us are linked to the cosmos. Look at the sun. If there is no sun, then we cannot exist. So nature is my god. To me, nature is sacred. Trees are my temples and forests are my cathedrals.  --  Mikhail Gorbachev .
Those who try to combat the production of shoddy pictures are enemies of the best art today. Those woodland lakes in a thousand sitting-rooms with gold-tinted wallpaper belong to the profoundest inspirations of art. It always feels tragic to see people labouring to saw off the branch they are sitting on.  --  Asger Jorn .
The idea of "crime" in existing criminology is artificial, for what is called crime is really an infringement of "existing laws", whereas "laws" are very often a manifestation of barbarism and violence. Such are the prohibiting laws of different kinds which abound in modern life. The number of these laws is constantly growing in all countries and, owing to this, what is called crime is very often not a crime at all, for it contains no element of violence or harm. On the other hand, unquestionable crimes escape the field of vision of criminology, either because they have not recognized the form of crime or because they surpass a certain scale. In existing criminology there are concepts: a criminal man, a criminal profession, a criminal society, a criminal sect, and a criminal tribe, but there is no concept of a criminal state, or a criminal government, or criminal legislation. Consequently what is often regarded as "political" activity is in fact a criminal activity.  --  P. D. Ouspensky .
I have gained this by philosophy: that I do without being commanded what others do only from fear of the law.  --  Aristotle .
You cannot avoid making judgements but you can become more conscious of the way in which you make them. This is critically important because once we judge someone or something we tend to stop thinking about them or it. Which means, among other things, that we behave in response to our judgements rather than to that to which is being judged. People and things are processes. Judgements convert them into fixed states. This is one reason that judgements are often self-fulfilling.  --  Neil Postman .
It is necessary to write, if the days are not to slip emptily by. How else, indeed, to clap the net over the butterfly of the moment? for the moment passes, it is forgotten; the mood is gone; life itself is gone. That is where the writer scores over his fellows: he catches the changes of his mind on the hop. Growth is exciting; growth is dynamic and alarming. Growth of the soul, growth of the mind; how the observation of last year seems childish, superficial; how this year — even this week — even with this new phrase — it seems to us that we have grown to a new maturity. It may be a fallacious persuasion, but at least it is stimulating, and so long as it persists, one does not stagnate.  --  Vita Sackville-West .
I believe the root of all happiness on this earth to lie in the realization of a spiritual life with a consciousness of something wider than materialism; in the capacity to live in a world that makes you unselfish because you are not overanxious about your own comic fallibilities; that gives you tranquility without complacency because you believe in something so much larger than yourself.  --  Hugh Walpole .
One can start from the perspective of a religious naturalist or from the perspective of the world religions and arrive at the same place: a moral imperative that this Earth and its creatures be respected and cherished.  --  Ursula Goodenough .
That truth-is-stranger-than-fiction factor keeps getting jacked up on us on a fairly regular, maybe even exponential, basis. I think that's something peculiar to our time. I don't think our grandparents had to live with that.  --  William Gibson .
When we dead awaken. ... We see that we have never lived.  --  Henrik Ibsen .
In the Name of Allah the Merciful, the Compassionate, Who manifests Himself through everything, the revelation of a clear knowing to whomsoever He wishes, peace be upon you, my son. This praise belongs to Allah Who manifests Himself on the head of a pin to whom He wishes, so that one testifies that He is not, and another testifies that there is none other than He. But the witnessing in the denying of Him is not rejected, and the witnessing in the affirming of Him is not praised.  --  Mansur Al-Hallaj .
Today, there are too many points of view of equal value and prestige, each showing the relativity of the other, to permit us to take any one position and to regard it as impregnable and absolute. Only this socially disorganized intellectual situation makes possible the insight, hidden until now by a generally stable social structure and the practicability of certain traditional norms, that every point of view is particular to a social situation.  --  Karl Mannheim .
I saw an angel close by me, on my left side, in bodily form. This I am not accustomed to see, unless very rarely. Though I have visions of angels frequently, yet I see them only by an intellectual vision, such as I have spoken of before. It was our Lord's will that in this vision I should see the angel in this wise. He was not large, but small of stature, and most beautiful — his face burning, as if he were one of the highest angels, who seem to be all of fire: they must be those whom we call cherubim.  --  Teresa of Ávila .
My success and my misfortunes, the bright and the dark days I have gone through, everything has proved to me that in this world, either physical or moral, good comes out of evil just as well as evil comes out of good. My errors will point to thinking men the various roads, and will teach them the great art of treading on the brink of the precipice without falling into it. It is only necessary to have courage, for strength without self-confidence is useless.  --  Giacomo Casanova .
We do not want our world to perish. But in our quest for knowledge, century by century, we have placed all our trust in a cold, impartial intellect which only brings us nearer to destruction. We have heeded no wisdom offering guidance. Only by learning to love one another can our world be saved. Only love can conquer all.  --  Dora Russell .
When I die, I want to die in a Utopia that I have helped to build.  --  Henry Kuttner .
I don't know what God is, or what God had in mind when the universe was set in motion. In fact, I don't know if God even exists, although I confess that I sometimes find myself praying in times of great fear, or despair, or astonishment at a display of unexpected beauty. There are some ten thousand religious sects — each with its own cosmology, each with its own answer for the meaning of life and death. Most assert that the other 9,999 not only have it completely wrong but are instruments of evil, besides. None of the ten thousand has yet persuaded me to make the requisite leap of faith. In the absence of conviction, I've come to terms with the fact that uncertainty is an inescapable corollary of life. An abundance of mystery is simply part of the bargain — which doesn't strike me as something to lament. Accepting the essential inscrutability of existence, in any case, is surely preferable to its opposite: capitulating to the tyranny of intransigent belief. And if I remain in the dark about our purpose here, and the meaning of eternity, I have nevertheless arrived at an understanding of a few modest truths: Most of us fear death. Most of us yearn to comprehend how we got here, and why — which is to say, most of us ache to know the love of our creator. And we will no doubt feel that ache, most of us, for as long as we happen to be alive.  --  Jon Krakauer .
There is no act, however virtuous, for which ingenuity may not find some bad motive.  --  Thomas Jefferson .
It is necessary that I climb very high because of my love for you, and upon the heights there is silence.  --  James Branch Cabell .
We painters use the same license as poets and madmen.  --  Paolo Veronese .
Society, in the aggregate, is no fool. It is astonishing what an amount of "eccentricity" it will stand from anybody who takes the bull by the horns, too fearless or too indifferent to think of consequences.  --  Dinah Craik .
Therapy isn't curing somebody of something; it is a means of helping a person explore himself, his life, his consciousness. My purpose as a therapist is to find out what it means to be human. Every human being must have a point at which he stands against the culture, where he says, "This is me and the world be damned!" Leaders have always been the ones to stand against the society — Socrates, Christ, Freud, all the way down the line.  --  Rollo May .
Art at its greatest is fantastically deceitful and complex.  --  Vladimir Nabokov .
What the ancients called a clever fighter is one who not only wins, but excels in winning with ease.  --  Sun Tzu .
It costs so much to be a full human being that there are very few who have the enlightenment, or the courage, to pay the price … One has to abandon altogether the search for security, and reach out to the risk of living with both arms. One has to embrace the world like a lover, and yet demand no easy return of love. One has to accept pain as a condition of existence. One has to court doubt and darkness as the cost of knowing. One needs a will stubborn in conflict, but apt always to the total acceptance of every consequence of living and dying.  --  Morris West .
The same energy of character which renders a man a daring villain would have rendered him useful to society, had that society been well organized.  --  Mary Wollstonecraft .
If all the parts of the universe are interchained in a certain measure, any one phenomenon will not be the effect of a single cause, but the resultant of causes infinitely numerous.  --  Henri Poincaré .
Harmonizing opposites by going back to their source is the distinctive quality of the Zen attitude, the Middle Way: embracing contradictions, making a synthesis of them, achieving balance.  --  Taisen Deshimaru .
Language is the dynamics of the spiritual realm. One word of command moves armies; the word Liberty entire nations.  --  Novalis .
It’s no accident many accuse me of conducting public affairs with my heart instead of my head. Well, what if I do? … Those who don’t know how to weep with their whole heart don’t know how to laugh either.  --  Golda Meir .
Every hand and every hour should be devoted to rescue the world from its insanity of guilt, and to assuage the pangs of human hearts with balm and anodyne. To pity distress is but human; to relieve it is Godlike.  --  Horace Mann .
Men make their own history, but they do not make it just as they please; they do not make it under circumstances chosen by themselves, but under circumstances directly encountered, given and transmitted from the past.  --  Karl Marx .
One might compare the relation of the ego to the id with that between a rider and his horse. The horse provides the locomotor energy, and the rider has the prerogative of determining the goal and of guiding the movements of his powerful mount towards it. But all too often in the relations between the ego and the id we find a picture of the less ideal situation in which the rider is obliged to guide his horse in the direction in which it itself wants to go.  --  Sigmund Freud .
You cannot rely upon what you have been taught. All you have learned from history is old ways of making mistakes. There is nothing that history can tell you about what we must do tomorrow. Only what we must not do.  --  Edwin H. Land .
Is there a greater tragedy imaginable than that, in our endeavour consciously to shape our future in accordance with high ideals, we should in fact unwittingly produce the very opposite of what we have been striving for?  --  Friedrich Hayek .
It is frightfully difficult to know much about the fairies, and almost the only thing known for certain is that there are fairies wherever there are children.  --  J. M. Barrie .
I do not preach universal salvation, what I say is that I cannot exclude the possibility that God would save all men at the Judgment.  --  Karl Barth .
Silence is difficult and arduous, it is not to be played with. It isn't something that you can experience by reading a book, or by listening to a talk, or by sitting together, or by retiring into a wood or a monastery. I am afraid none of these things will bring about this silence. This silence demands intense psychological work. You have to be burningly aware of your snobbishness, aware of your fears, your anxieties, your sense of guilt. And when you die to all that, then out of that dying comes the beauty of silence.  --  Jiddu Krishnamurti .
People talk about imitating Christ, and imitate Him in the little trifling formal things, such as washing the feet, saying His prayer, and so on; but if anyone attempts the real imitation of Him, there are no bounds to the outcry with which the presumption of that person is condemned.  --  Florence Nightingale .
If any such lover be in earth which is continually kept from falling, I know it not: for it was not shewed me. But this was shewed: that in falling and in rising we are ever preciously kept in one Love.  --  Julian of Norwich .
What ideas individuals may attach to the term "Millennium" I know not; but I know that society may be formed so as to exist without crime, without poverty, with health greatly improved, with little, if any misery, and with intelligence and happiness increased a hundredfold; and no obstacle whatsoever intervenes at this moment except ignorance to prevent such a state of society from becoming universal.  --  Robert Owen .
There seems to be a kind of order in the universe, in the movement of the stars and the turning of the earth and the changing of the seasons, and even in the cycle of human life. But human life itself is almost pure chaos. Everyone takes his stance, asserts his own rights and feelings, mistaking the motives of others, and his own.  --  Katherine Anne Porter .
Whatever is in any way beautiful hath its source of beauty in itself, and is complete in itself; praise forms no part of it. So it is none the worse nor the better for being praised.  -- Marcus Aurelius .
While all brutal forces clash with themselves, all moral forces make mighty harmony together.  --  Henri Barbusse .
Dogmatism and skepticism are both, in a sense, absolute philosophies; one is certain of knowing, the other of not knowing. What philosophy should dissipate is certainty, whether of knowledge or ignorance.  --  Bertrand Russell .
To make a discovery is not necessarily the same as to understand a discovery.  --  Abraham Pais .
Kindness is not without its rocks ahead. People are apt to put it down to an easy temper and seldom recognize it as the secret striving of a generous nature; whilst, on the other hand, the ill-natured get credit for all the evil they refrain from.  --  Honoré de Balzac .
Blessed is he who expects nothing, for he shall never be disappointed.  --  Alexander Pope .
How often have I said to you that when you have eliminated the impossible, whatever remains, however improbable, must be the truth?  --  Arthur Conan Doyle in The Sign of the Four .
Magic words and incantations are as fatal to our science as they are to any other. Methods, when classified and separated, acquire their true bearing and perspective as a means to an end, not as ends in themselves. We seek to find peace of mind in the word, the formula, the ritual. The hope is illusion.  --  Benjamin N. Cardozo .
This is a test. Take notes. This will count as 3/4 of your final grade. Hints: remember, in chess, kings cancel each other out and cannot occupy adjacent squares, are therefore all-powerful and totally powerless, cannot affect each other, produce stalemate. Hinduism is a polytheistic religion; the sect of Atman worships the divine spark of life within Man; in effect saying, "Thou art God." Provisos of equal time are not served by one viewpoint having media access to two hundred million people in prime time while opposing viewpoints are provided with a soapbox on the corner. Not everyone tells the truth.  --  Harlan Ellison in "The Deathbird" .
What I am interested in is the relationship between the blundering human being and God. I belong to no church, but I have a religious faith; it's an attempt to express that, among other things, that I try to do. Whether he confesses to being religious or not, everyone has a religious faith of a kind. I myself am a blundering human being with a belief in God who made us and we got out of hand, a kind of Frankenstein monster. Everyone can make mistakes, including God. I believe God does intervene; I think there is a Divine Power, a Creator, who has an influence on human beings if they are willing to be open to him.  --  Patrick White .
Religious and philosophical beliefs are, indeed, as dangerous as fire, and nothing can take from them that beauty of danger. But there is only one way of really guarding ourselves against the excessive danger of them, and that is to be steeped in philosophy and soaked in religion.  --  G. K. Chesterton .
No one can want to destroy without having some idea, true or false, of the order of things that should, according to him or her, replace what presently exists.  --  Mikhail Bakunin .
Be aware of wonder. And then remember the Dick and Jane books and the first word you learned — the biggest word of all — LOOK.  --  Robert Fulghum .
Newton was not the first of the age of reason. He was the last of the magicians, the last of the Babylonians and Sumerians, the last great mind that looked out on the visible and intellectual world with the same eyes as those who began to build our intellectual inheritance rather less than 10000 years ago.  --  John Maynard Keynes .
Time has no divisions to mark its passage, there is never a thunderstorm or blare of trumpets to announce the beginning of a new month or year. Even when a new century begins it is only we mortals who ring bells and fire off pistols.  --  Thomas Mann .
A time will come when people will think I am a myth, or rather something the newspapers have made up.  --  Paul Gauguin .
Every generation of humans believed it had all the answers it needed, except for a few mysteries they assumed would be solved at any moment. And they all believed their ancestors were simplistic and deluded. What are the odds that you are the first generation of humans who will understand reality?  --  Scott Adams .
It is hopelessness even more than pain that crushes the soul. So the decision-making of daily life involves not, as in normal affairs, shifting from one annoying situation to another less annoying — or from discomfort to relative comfort, or from boredom to activity — but moving from pain to pain. One does not abandon, even briefly, one's bed of nails, but is attached to it wherever one goes.  --  William Styron .
I am not a critic; to me criticism is so often nothing more than the eye garrulously denouncing the shape of the peephole that gives access to hidden treasure.  --  Djuna Barnes .
When established identities become outworn or unfinished ones threaten to remain incomplete, special crises compel men to wage holy wars, by the crudest means, against those who seem to question or threaten their unsafe ideological bases.  --  Erik Erikson .
The mocker is never taken seriously when he is most serious.  --  James Joyce in Ulysses .
Who what am I? My answer: I am the sum total of everything that went before me, of all I have been seen done, of everything done-to-me. I am everyone everything whose being-in-the-world affected was affected by mine. I am anything that happens after I've gone which would not have happened if I had not come. Nor am I particularly exceptional in this matter; each "I", everyone of the now-six-hundred-million-plus of us, contains a similar multitude. I repeat for the last time: to understand me, you'll have to swallow a world.  --  Salman Rushdie .
That government is best which makes itself unnecessary.  --  Wilhelm von Humboldt .
All of us, without being taught, have attained to a belief in some sort of divinity, though it is not easy for all men to know the precise truth about it, nor is it possible for those who do know it to tell it to all men.  --  Julian .
The lunatics end up in charge of everything. Sane, normal people don't need power trips.  --  James P. Hogan .
Think not the bigotry of another is any excuse for your own.  --  John Wesley .
Every symbol and combination of symbols led not hither and yon, not to single examples, experiments, and proofs, but into the center, the mystery and innermost heart of the world, into primal knowledge. Every transition from major to minor in a sonata, every transformation of a myth or a religious cult, every classical or artistic formulation was, I realized in that flashing moment, if seen with a meditative mind, nothing but a direct route into the interior of the cosmic mystery, where in the alternation between inhaling and exhaling, between heaven and earth, between Yin and Yang, holiness is forever being created.  --  Hermann Hesse .
You can only be young once but you can be immature forever.  --  Dave Barry .
Governments long established should not be changed for light and transient causes; and accordingly all experience hath shewn, that mankind are more disposed to suffer, while evils are sufferable, than to right themselves by abolishing the forms to which they are accustomed. But when a long train of abuses and usurpations, pursuing invariably the same Object, evinces a design to reduce them under absolute Despotism, it is their right, it is their duty, to throw off such Government, and to provide new Guards for their future security.  --  Thomas Jefferson in the US Declaration of Independence .
Fight any instinct to be humorless, for humorlessness is the worst of all absurdities.  --  Jean Cocteau .
We need a little more compassion, and if we cannot have it then no politician or even a magician can save the planet.  --  Tenzin Gyatso, 14th Dalai Lama .
Any social organization does well enough if it isn't rigid. The framework doesn't matter as long as there is enough looseness to permit that one man in a multitude to display his genius. Most so-called social scientists seem to think that organization is everything. It is almost nothing — except when it is a straitjacket. It is the incidence of heroes that counts, not the pattern of zeros.  --  Robert A. Heinlein in Glory Road .
People are like stained-glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within.  --  Elisabeth Kübler-Ross .
If they dare to come out in the open field and defend the gold standard as a good thing, we will fight them to the uttermost. Having behind us the producing masses of this nation and the world, supported by the commercial interests, the laboring interests and the toilers everywhere, we will answer their demand for a gold standard by saying to them: You shall not press down upon the brow of labor this crown of thorns, you shall not crucify mankind upon a cross of gold.  --  William Jennings Bryan .
When from a long-distant past nothing subsists, after the people are dead, after the things are broken and scattered, still, alone, more fragile, but with more vitality, more unsubstantial, more persistent, more faithful, the smell and taste of things remain poised a long time, like souls, ready to remind us, waiting and hoping for their moment, amid the ruins of all the rest; and bear unfaltering, in the tiny and almost impalpable drop of their essence, the vast structure of recollection.  --  Marcel Proust .
"In God We Trust." … It is simple, direct, gracefully phrased: it always sounds well — In God We Trust. I don't believe it would sound any better if it were true. And in a measure it is true — half the nation trusts in Him. That half has decided it.  --  Mark Twain .
I have to say, I think that we are in some kind of final examination as to whether human beings now, with this capability to acquire information and to communicate, whether we're really qualified to take on the responsibility we're designed to be entrusted with. And this is not a matter of an examination of the types of governments, nothing to do with politics, nothing to do with economic systems. It has to do with the individual. Does the individual have the courage to really go along with the truth?  --  Buckminster Fuller .
Men willingly believe what they wish.  --  Julius Caesar .
I have been an anarchist all my life. I hope I have remained one. I should consider it very sad indeed had I to turn to a General and rule men with a military rod. They have come to me voluntarily, they are ready to stake their lives in our antifascist fight. I believe, as I always have, in freedom. The freedom which rests on the sense of responsibility. I consider discipline indispensable, but it must be inner discipline, motivated by a common purpose and a strong feeling of comradeship.  --  Buenaventura Durruti .
It is a curious thing, Harry, but perhaps those who are best suited to power are those who have never sought it.  --  J. K. Rowling in Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows .
What I mean is, lots of time you don't know what interests you most till you start talking about something that doesn't interest you most. I mean you can't help it sometimes. What I think is, you're supposed to leave somebody alone if he's at least being interesting and he's getting all excited about something. I like it when somebody gets excited about something. It's nice.  --  J. D. Salinger in The Catcher in the Rye .
It is very good to copy what one sees; it is much better to draw what you can't see any more but is in your memory. It is a transformation in which imagination and memory work together. You only reproduce what struck you, that is to say the necessary.  --  Edgar Degas .
Books have led some to learning and others to madness, when they swallow more than they can digest.  --  Petrarch .
Man is not made for defeat. A man can be destroyed but not defeated.  --  Ernest Hemingway .
Do not disturb my circles!  --  Archimedes .
The First Amendment is often inconvenient. But that is beside the point. Inconvenience does not absolve the government of its obligation to tolerate speech.  --  Anthony Kennedy .
The philosopher is Nature's pilot. And there you have our difference: to be in hell is to drift: to be in heaven is to steer.  --  George Bernard Shaw .
I have wandered all my life, and I have also traveled; the difference between the two being this, that we wander for distraction, but we travel for fulfillment.  --  Hilaire Belloc .
Life is a wave, which in no two consecutive moments of its existence is composed of the same particles.  --  John Tyndall .
Much of what we see in the universe … starts out as imaginary. Often you must imagine something before you can come to terms with it.  --  Clifford D. Simak .
I believe deeply that we cannot solve the challenges of our time unless we solve them together — unless we perfect our union by understanding that we may have different stories, but we hold common hopes; that we may not look the same and we may not have come from the same place, but we all want to move in the same direction — towards a better future for of children and our grandchildren.  --  Barack Obama .
We have lived by the assumption that what was good for us would be good for the world. We have been wrong. We must change our lives, so that it will be possible to live by the contrary assumption that what is good for the world will be good for us.  --  Wendell Berry .
How can we escape from the trap that the terrorists have set us? Only by recognizing that the war on terrorism cannot be won by waging war. We must, of course, protect our security; but we must also correct the grievances on which terrorism feeds. Crime requires police work, not military action.  --  George Soros .
It is the nature of the noble and the good and the wise that they impart to us of their nobility and their goodness and their wisdom while they live, making it natural for us to breathe the air they breathe and giving us confidence in our own untested powers. And the same influence in more ethereal fashion they continue to exert after they are gone.  --  Felix Adler .
Art is the one form of human energy in the whole world, which really works for union, and destroys the barriers between man and man. It is the continual, unconscious replacement, however fleeting, of oneself by another; the real cement of human life; the everlasting refreshment and renewal.  --  John Galsworthy .
True spirituality rejects no new light, no added means or materials of our human self-development. It means simply to keep our centre, our essential way of being, our inborn nature and assimilate to it all we receive, and evolve out of it all we do and create.  --  Sri Aurobindo .
From time to time there appear on the face of the earth men of rare and consummate excellence, who dazzle us by their virtue, and whose outstanding qualities shed a stupendous light. Like those extraordinary stars of whose origins we are ignorant, and of whose fate, once they have vanished, we know even less, such men have neither forebears nor descendants: they are the whole of their race.  --  Jean de La Bruyère .
I have never knew what it was to sacrifice my own judgment to gratify any party and I have no doubt of the time being close at hand when I will be rewarded for letting my tongue speak what my heart thinks. I have suffered myself to be politically sacrificed to save my country from ruin and disgrace and if I am never again elected I will have the gratification to know that I have done my duty.  --  Davy Crockett .
Some of us awake in the night with strange phantasms of enchanted hills and gardens, of fountains that sing in the sun, of golden cliffs overhanging murmuring seas, of plains that stretch down to sleeping cities of bronze and stone, and of shadowy companies of heroes that ride caparisoned white horses along the edges of thick forests; and then we know that we have looked back through the ivory gates into that world of wonder which was ours before we were wise and unhappy.  --  H. P. Lovecraft .
Bureaucracy and social harmony are inversely proportional to each other.  --  Leon Trotsky .
Gibbon observes that in the Arabian book par excellence, in the Koran, there are no camels; I believe if there were any doubt as to the authenticity of the Koran, this absence of camels would be sufficient to prove it is an Arabian work.  --  Jorge Luis Borges .
We live in a world we ourselves create.  --  Johann Gottfried Herder .
Spread love everywhere you go; first of all in your house. Give love to your children, to your wife or husband, to a next door neighbor. Let no one ever come to you without leaving better and happier. Be the living expression of God's kindness; kindness in your face, kindness in your eyes, kindness in your smile.  --  Mother Teresa .
There are fixed points throughout time where things must stay exactly the way they are. This is not one of them. This is an opportunity! Whatever happens here will create its own timeline, its own reality, a temporal tipping point. The future revolves around you, here, now, so do good!  --  The Doctor in Doctor Who : Cold Blood .
Love does not dominate, it cultivates. And that is more.  --  Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
New opinions are always suspected, and usually opposed, without any other reason but because they are not already common.  --  John Locke .
The great work of the present for every man, and every organization of men, who would improve social conditions, is the work of education — the propagation of ideas. It is only as it aids this that anything else can avail.  --  Henry George .
Whether religion is a divisive or reconciling force depends on our certainty or our humility as we practice our faith in our politics. If we believe that we know God's truth and that we can embody that truth in a political agenda, we divide the realm of politics into those who are on God's side, which is our side, and those with whom we disagree, who oppose the side of God. This is neither good religion nor good politics. It is not consistent with following a Lord who reached out to a variety of people — prostitutes, tax collectors, lepers. If politics is the art of compromise, certainty is not really politics, for how can one compromise with God's own truth? Reconciliation depends on acknowledging that God's truth is greater than our own, that we cannot reduce it to any political platform we create, no matter how committed we are to that platform, and that God's truth is large enough to accommodate the opinions of all kinds of people, even those with whom we strongly disagree.  --  John Danforth .
It is a part of the poet's work to show each man what he sees but does not know he sees.  --  Edith Sitwell .
Who in the world am I? Ah, that's the great puzzle!  --  Peter Sellers .
As soon as men live entirely in accord with the law of love natural to their hearts and now revealed to them, which excludes all resistance by violence, and therefore hold aloof from all participation in violence — as soon as this happens, not only will hundreds be unable to enslave millions, but not even millions will be able to enslave a single individual.  --  Leo Tolstoy .
The idea does not belong to the soul; it is the soul that belongs to the idea.  --  Charles Sanders Peirce .
This enemy attacked not just our people, but all freedom-loving people everywhere in the world. The United States of America will use all our resources to conquer this enemy. We will rally the world. We will be patient, we will be focused, and we will be steadfast in our determination.… we will not allow this enemy to win the war by changing our way of life or restricting our freedoms.  --  George W. Bush .
The battles that count aren't the ones for gold medals. The struggles within yourself — the invisible, inevitable battles inside all of us — that's where it's at.  --  Jesse Owens .
I do not argue with obstinate men. I act in spite of them.  --  Agatha Christie .
No one would have believed, in the last years of the nineteenth century, that human affairs were being watched keenly and closely by intelligences greater than man's and yet as mortal as his own; that as men busied themselves about their affairs they were scrutinized and studied, perhaps almost as narrowly as a man with a microscope might scrutinize the transient creatures that swarm and multiply in a drop of water. With infinite complacency men went to and fro over this globe about their little affairs, serene in their assurance of their empire over matter. It is possible that the infusoria under the microscope do the same. No one gave a thought to the older worlds of space as sources of human danger, or thought of them only to dismiss the idea of life upon them as impossible or improbable. It is curious to recall some of the mental habits of those departed days. At most, terrestrial men fancied there might be other men upon Mars, perhaps inferior to themselves and ready to welcome a missionary enterprise. Yet, across the gulf of space, minds that are to our minds as ours are to those of the beasts that perish, intellects vast and cool and unsympathetic, regarded this earth with envious eyes, and slowly and surely drew their plans against us.  --  H. G. Wells .
Work. Finish. Publish.  --  Michael Faraday .
Agnosticism is not properly described as a "negative" creed, nor indeed as a creed of any kind, except in so far as it expresses absolute faith in the validity of a principle which is as much ethical as intellectual. This principle may be stated in various ways, but they all amount to this: that it is wrong for a man to say that he is certain of the objective truth of any proposition unless he can produce evidence which logically justifies that certainty.  --  Thomas Henry Huxley .
The whole secret of life is to be interested in one thing profoundly and in a thousand things well.  --  Horace Walpole .
The artist doesn't have time to listen to the critics. The ones who want to be writers read the reviews, the ones who want to write don't have the time to read reviews.  --  William Faulkner .
The superior man examines his heart, that there may be nothing wrong there, and that he may have no cause for dissatisfaction with himself. That wherein the superior man cannot be equaled is simply this — his work which other men cannot see.  --  孔夫子 (Confucius) .
The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire.  --  Ferdinand Foch .
The theater needs continual reminders that there is nothing more debasing than the work of those who do well what is not worth doing at all.  --  Gore Vidal .
The unrestricted competition so commonly advocated does not leave us the survival of the fittest. The unscrupulous succeed best in accumulating wealth.  --  Rutherford B. Hayes .
There are no exact guidelines. There are probably no guidelines at all. The only thing I can recommend at this stage is a sense of humor, an ability to see things in their ridiculous and absurd dimensions, to laugh at others and at ourselves, a sense of irony regarding everything that calls out for parody in this world. In other words, I can only recommend perspective and distance. Awareness of all the most dangerous kinds of vanity, both in others and in ourselves. A good mind. A modest certainty about the meaning of things. Gratitude for the gift of life and the courage to take responsibility for it. Vigilance of spirit.  --  Václav Havel .
Modern life demands, and is waiting for, a new kind of plan, both for the house and the city.  --  Le Corbusier .
Cease speaking of enemies when an achievement can kindle a great light. Solitude will transmit the message better than the murmurs of crowds.  --  Nicholas Roerich .
I distrust all dead and mechanical formulas for expressing anything connected with human affairs and human personalities. Putting human affairs in exact formulas shows in itself a lack of the sense of humor and therefore a lack of wisdom. 林語堂  --  林語堂 Lin Yutang .
Children understand very well that in each woman, in each man, in each child, there is capacity of waking up, of understanding, and of loving. Many children have told me that they cannot show me anyone who does not have this capacity. Some people allow it to develop, and some do not, but everyone has it. This capacity of waking up, of being aware of what is going on in your feelings, in your body, in your perceptions, in the world, is called Buddha nature, the capacity of understanding and loving. Smiling is very important. If we are not able to smile, then the world will not have peace. It is not by going out for a demonstration against nuclear missiles that we can bring about peace. It is with our capacity of smiling, breathing, and being peace that we can make peace.  --  Thich Nhat Hanh .
Everywhere the need exists for maternal sympathy and help, and thus we are able to recapitulate in the one word motherliness that which we have developed as the characteristic value of woman. Only, the motherliness must be that which does not remain within the narrow circle of blood relations or of personal friends; but in accordance with the model of the Mother of Mercy, it must have its root in universal divine love for all who are there, belabored and burdened.  --  Edith Stein .
Get up in one of our industrial centres today and say that two and two make four, and if there is any financial interest concerned in maintaining that two and two make five, the police will bash your head in.  --  Albert Jay Nock .
The secret for harvesting from existence the greatest fruitfulness and the greatest enjoyment is — to live dangerously!  --  Friedrich Nietzsche .
In many matters children — not ensnared by dogmatism, passion, or erudition — judge far truer than adults.  --  Adolf Freiherr Knigge .
You will travel far, my little Kal-El. But we will never leave you … even in the face of our deaths … the richness of our lives shall be yours. All that I have, all that I've learned, everything I feel … all this, and more … I bequeath you, my son. You will carry me inside you all the days of your life. You will make my strength your own, and see my life through your own eyes, as your life will be seen through mine. The son becomes the father, and the father the son. This is all I can send you, Kal-El.  --  Marlon Brando as "Jor-El" in Superman: The Movie .
I have no objection to any person’s religion, be it what it may, so long as that person does not kill or insult any other person, because that other person don’t believe it also. But when a man’s religion becomes really frantic; when it is a positive torment to him; and, in fine, makes this earth of ours an uncomfortable inn to lodge in; then I think it high time to take that individual aside and argue the point with him.  --  Herman Melville in Moby-Dick .
Every writer wants to be believed. But every writer knows he is spurious; every fiction writer would rather be credible than authentic.  --  John le Carré .
Knowledge is humanistic in quality not because it is about human products in the past, but because of what it does in liberating human intelligence and human sympathy. Any subject matter which accomplishes this result is humane, and any subject matter which does not accomplish it is not even educational.  --  John Dewey .
Life is short, even for those who live a long time, and we must live for the few who know and appreciate us, who judge and absolve us, and for whom we have the same affection and indulgence. The rest I look upon as a mere crowd, lively or sad, loyal or corrupt, from whom there is nothing to be expected but fleeting emotions, either pleasant or unpleasant, which leave no trace behind them. We ought to hate very rarely, as it is too fatiguing; remain indifferent to a great deal, forgive often and never forget.  --  Sarah Bernhardt .
Do not wait; the time will never be "just right." Start where you stand, and work with whatever tools you may have at your command, and better tools will be found as you go along.  --  Napoleon Hill .
Could Hamlet have been written by a committee, or the Mona Lisa painted by a club? Could the New Testament have been composed as a conference report? Creative ideas do not spring from groups. They spring from individuals. The divine spark leaps from the finger of God to the finger of Adam, whether it takes ultimate shape in a law of physics or a law of the land, a poem or a policy, a sonata or a mechanical computer.  --  Alfred Whitney Griswold .
My attitude was always to keep open, to keep scanning. I think that's how things work in nature. Many people are close-minded, rigid, and that's not my inclination.  --  Jonas Salk .
Let the world know you as you are, not as you think you should be, because sooner or later, if you are posing, you will forget the pose, and then where are you?  --  Fanny Brice .
The great mystery is not that we should have been thrown down here at random between the profusion of matter and that of the stars; it is that from our very prison we should draw, from our own selves, images powerful enough to deny our own nothingness.  --  André Malraux .
Death is for a long time. Those of shallow thought say that it is forever. There is, at least, a long night of it. There is the forgetfulness and the loss of identity. The spirit, even as the body, is unstrung and burst and scattered. One goes down to death, and it leaves a mark on one forever.  --  R. A. Lafferty .
Nothing is too small. I counsel you, put down in record even your doubts and surmises. Hereafter it may be of interest to you to see how true you guess. We learn from failure, not from success!  --  Bram Stoker .
Since, in the long run, every planetary society will be endangered by impacts from space, every surviving civilization is obliged to become spacefaring — not because of exploratory or romantic zeal, but for the most practical reason imaginable: staying alive.  --  Carl Sagan .
All we have to believe with is our senses, the tools we use to perceive the world: our sight, our touch, our memory. If they lie to us, then nothing can be trusted. And even if we do not believe, then still we cannot travel in any other way than the road our senses show us; and we must walk that road to the end.  --  Neil Gaiman in American Gods .
There are plenty of good reasons for fighting, but no good reason ever to hate without reservation, to imagine that God Almighty Himself hates with you, too. Where's evil? It's that large part of every man that wants to hate without limit, that wants to hate with God on its side.  --  Kurt Vonnegut .
A law of nature is not a formula drawn up by a legislator, but a mere summary of the observed facts — a "bundle of facts." Things do not act in a particular way because there is a law, but we state the "law" because they act in that way.  --  Joseph McCabe .
Since love grows within you, so beauty grows. For love is the beauty of the soul.  --  Augustine of Hippo .
Culture is the widening of the mind and of the spirit. It is never a narrowing of the mind or a restriction of the human spirit or the country's spirit.  --  Jawaharlal Nehru .
We need not think alike to love alike.  --  Ferenc Dávid .
Some anarchists have claimed not merely that we would be better off without a state, but that any state necessarily violates people's moral rights and hence is intrinsically immoral. Our starting point then, though nonpolitical, is by intention far from nonmoral. Moral philosophy sets the background for, and boundaries of, political philosophy. What persons may and may not do to one another limits what they may do through the apparatus of a state, or do to establish such an apparatus.  --  Robert Nozick .
Let us have Men, Men who will say a word to their souls and keep it — keep it not when it is easy, but keep it when it is hard — keep it when the storm roars and there is a white-streaked sky and blue thunder before, and one's eyes are blinded and one's ears deafened with the war of opposing things; and keep it under the long leaden sky and the gray dreariness that never lifts. Hold unto the last: that is what it means to have a Dominant Idea, which Circumstance cannot break. And such men make and unmake Circumstance.  --  Voltairine de Cleyre .
There are people. There are stories. The people think they shape the stories, but the reverse is often closer to the truth.  --  Alan Moore .
I am trying to do two things: dare to be a radical and not a fool, which is a matter of no small difficulty.  --  James A. Garfield .
For most of my life, one of the persons most baffled by my own work was myself.  --  Benoît Mandelbrot .
I know as a writer how valuable a tool is the wastebasket. Perhaps God throws away many experiments before He finds the right expression. Perhaps we are the discards — or we could be the part He keeps. This mystery is what keeps us all going, to see what happens in the next chapter.  --  Isaac Bashevis Singer .
For the man sound in body and serene of mind there is no such thing as bad weather; every sky has its beauty, and storms which whip the blood do but make it pulse more vigorously.  --  George Gissing .
I cannot praise a fugitive and cloistered virtue, unexercised and unbreathed, that never sallies out and sees her adversary, but slinks out of the race where that immortal garland is to be run for, not without dust and heat.  --  John Milton in Areopagitica .
Individual things are nothing but modifications of the attributes of God, or modes by which the attributes of God are expressed in a fixed and definite manner.  --  Baruch Spinoza .
Man is an evasive beast, given to cultivating strange notions about himself. He is humiliated by his simian ancestry, and tries to deny his animal nature, to persuade himself that he is not limited by its weaknesses nor concerned in its fate.  --  Upton Sinclair .
Ideologies separate us. Dreams and anguish bring us together.  --  Eugène Ionesco .
It is hard to have patience with people who say "There is no death" or "Death doesn't matter." There is death. And whatever is matters. And whatever happens has consequences, and it and they are irrevocable and irreversible. You might as well say that birth doesn't matter.  --  C. S. Lewis .
A sound heart is a safer guide than an ill-trained conscience.  --  Mark Twain .
Truth shall prevail — don't you know Magna est veritas … Yes, when it gets a chance. There is a law, no doubt — and likewise a law regulates your luck in the throwing of dice. It is not Justice — the servant of men, but accident, hazard, Fortune — the ally of patient Time — that holds an even and scrupulous balance.  --  Joseph Conrad .
Someday, somehow, I am going to do something useful, something for people. They are, most of them, so helpless, so hurt and so unhappy.  --  Edith Cavell .
Once a man has tasted freedom he will never be content to be a slave. That is why I believe that this frightfulness we see everywhere today is only temporary. Tomorrow will be better for as long as America keeps alive the ideals of freedom and a better life.  --  Walt Disney .
There is no royal road to learning; no short cut to the acquirement of any art.  --  Anthony Trollope .
Being able to do as one pleases is the natural goal of the libertarian, but having nothing to do is not. While it may be correct to say that the human species is badly prepared for having nothing to do, it is quite a different matter to say that it is badly prepared for the freedom to do as one pleases. People who are able to do as they please may workvery hard, given the opportunity to do interesting work.  --  Noam Chomsky .
Just as a solid rock is not shaken by the storm, even so the wise are not affected by praise or blame.  --  Gautama Buddha in The Dhammapada .
When we ask for the abolition of the State and its organs we are always told that we dream of a society composed of men better than they are in reality. But no; a thousand times, no. All we ask is that men should not be made worse than they are, by such institutions!  --  Peter Kropotkin .
It seems to me that understanding that our theories are the source of all our conflicts would go a long way in helping people with different belief systems to get along.  -- Michael Gazzaniga .
Life's an awfully lonesome affair. You can live close against other people yet your lives never touch. You come into the world alone and you go out of the world alone yet it seems to me you are more alone while living than even coming and going.  --  Emily Carr .
Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.  --  Arthur C. Clarke .
Nature can afford to be prodigal in everything, the artist must be frugal down to the last detail. Nature is garrulous to the point of confusion, let the artist be truly taciturn.  --  Paul Klee .
The God of Peace, the God of Truth will shortly seal this truth, and confirm this witness, and make it evident to the whole world, that the doctrine of persecution for cause ofconscience, is most evidently and lamentably contrary to the doctrine of Christ Jesus the Prince of Peace.  --  Roger Williams .
By enlarging your knowledge of things, you will find your knowledge of self is enlarged.  --  Charles de Lint .
Mere political reform will not cure the manifold evils which now afflict society. There requires a social reform, a domestic reform, an individual reform.  --  Samuel Smiles .
For poetry the idea is everything; the rest is a world of illusion, of divine illusion. Poetry attaches its emotion to the idea; the idea is the fact. The strongest part of our religiontoday is its unconscious poetry.  --  Matthew Arnold .
Let me tell you the secret that has lead me to my goal. My strength lies solely in my tenacity.  --  Louis Pasteur .
We used to think that if we knew one, we knew two, because one and one are two. We are finding that we must learn a great deal more about "and."  --  Arthur Stanley Eddington .
Military power wins battles, but spiritual power wins wars.  --  George Marshall .
It pays to be obvious, especially if you have a reputation for subtlety.  --  Isaac Asimov .
The world is changing: I feel it in the water, I feel it in the earth, and I smell it in the air.  --  J. R. R. Tolkien in The Return of the King .
Faith lived in the incognito is one which is located outside the criticism coming from society, from politics, from history, for the very reason that it has itself the vocation to be a source of criticism. It is faith (lived in the incognito) which triggers the issues for the others, which causes everything seemingly established to be placed in doubt, which drives a wedge into the world of false assurances.  --  Jacques Ellul .
Love, I find is like singing. Everybody can do enough to satisfy themselves, though it may not impress the neighbors as being very much.  --  Zora Neale Hurston .
The people of a nation are enslaved when, together, they are helpless to institute effective change, when the people serve the government more than the government serves them.  --  Gerry Spence .
It is for man to establish the reign of liberty in the midst of the world of the given. To gain the supreme victory, it is necessary, for one thing, that by and through their naturaldifferentiation men and women unequivocally affirm their brotherhood.  --  Simone de Beauvoir .
To succeed, you must have tremendous perseverance, tremendous will. “I will drink the ocean”, says the persevering soul; “at my will mountains will crumble up”. Have that sort of energy, that sort of will; work hard, and you will reach the goal.  --  Swami Vivekananda .
The only way out of today's misery is for people to become worthy of each other's trust.  --  Albert Schweitzer .
I stand ready to negotiate, but I want no part of laws: I acknowledge none; I protest against every order with which some authority may feel pleased on the basis of some alleged necessity to over-rule my free will. Laws: We know what they are, and what they are worth! They are spider webs for the rich and mighty, steel chains for the poor and weak, fishing nets in the hands of government.  --  Pierre-Joseph Proudhon .
One of my oldest crusades is against the distinction between thought and feelings… which is really the basis of all anti-intellectual views: the heart and the head, thinking and feeling, fantasy and judgment. We have more or less the same bodies, but very different kinds of thoughts. I believe that we think much more with the instruments provided by our culture than we do with our bodies, and hence the much greater diversity of thought in the world. Thinking is a form of feeling; feeling is a form of thinking.  --  Susan Sontag .
My goal as an actor is always to be as truthful as possible, and to find the truth in the material I am representing. So I think that it’s the same with performing music. But in a way, performing your own music, it’s easier to find the truth in it, because it’s coming from yourself. There’s no translation needed.  --  Zooey Deschanel .
All art is autobiographical; the pearl is the oyster’s autobiography.  --  Federico Fellini .
To suppose that God Almighty has confined his goodness to this world, to the exclusion of all others, is much similar to the idle fancies of some individuals in this world, that they, and those of their communion or faith, are the favorites of heaven exclusively; but these are narrow and bigoted conceptions, which are degrading to a rational nature, and utterly unworthy of God, of whom we should form the most exalted ideas.  --  Ethan Allen .
You will hear people say that poverty is the best spur to the artist. They have never felt the iron of it in their flesh. They do not know how mean it makes you. It exposes you to endless humiliation, it cuts your wings, it eats into your soul like a cancer. It is not wealth one asks for, but just enough to preserve one's dignity, to work unhampered, to begenerous, frank and independent. I pity with all my heart the artist, whether he writes or paints, who is entirely dependent for subsistence upon his art.  --  W. Somerset Maugham .
Could I have but a line a century hence crediting a contribution to the advance of peace, I would gladly yield every honor which has been accorded me in war.  --  Douglas MacArthur .
I believe it is the duty of each of us to act as if the fate of the world depended on him. Admittedly, one man by himself cannot do the job. However, one man can make a difference... We must live for the future of the human race, and not for our own comfort or success.  --  Hyman G. Rickover .
By means of an image we are often able to hold on to our lost belongings. But it is the desperateness of losing which picks the flowers of memory, binds the bouquet.  -- Colette .
Every science has for its basis a system of principles as fixed and unalterable as those by which the universe is regulated and governed. Man cannot make principles, he can only discover them.  --  Thomas Paine .
The test of our progress is not whether we add more to the abundance of those who have much; it is whether we provide enough for those who have too little.  --  Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Are the mystics and sages insane? Because they all tell variations on the same story, don't they? The story of awakening one morning and discovering you are one with the All, in a timeless and eternal and infinite fashion. Yes, maybe they are crazy, these divine fools. Maybe they are mumbling idiots in the face of the Abyss. Maybe they need a nice, understanding therapist. Yes, I'm sure that would help. But then, I wonder. Maybe the evolutionary sequence really is from matter to body to mind to soul to spirit, each transcending and including, each with a greater depth and greater consciousness and wider embrace. And in the highest reaches of evolution, maybe, just maybe, an individual's consciousness does indeed touch infinity — a total embrace of the entire Kosmos — a Kosmic consciousness that is Spirit awakened to its own true nature. It's at least plausible. And tell me: is that story, sung by mystics and sages the world over, any crazier than the scientific materialism story, which is that the entire sequence is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying absolutely nothing? Listen very carefully: just which of those two stories actually sounds totally insane?  --  Ken Wilber .
We may afirm absolutely that nothing great in the world has been accomplished without passion.  --  Georg Friedrich Wilhelm Hegel .
It is only by preserving faith in human dreams that we may, after all, perhaps some day make them come true.  --  James Branch Cabell .
The day may dawn when fair play, love for one's fellow men, respect for justice and freedom, will enable tormented generations to march forth triumphant from the hideous epoch in which we have to dwell. Meanwhile, never flinch, never weary, never despair.  --  Winston Churchill .
When there is no more room in Hell, the dead will walk the Earth.  --  Dawn of the Dead (by George Romero).  .
The mind is its own place, and in itself, can make heaven of Hell, and a hell of Heaven.  --  John Milton .
May Heaven exist, even if my place is Hell.  --  Jorge Luis Borges .
An artist's only concern is to shoot for some kind of perfection, and on his own terms, not anyone else's.  --  J. D. Salinger .
People often say to me, ‘I understand what you are talking about intellectually, but I don’t really feel it, I don’t realize it,' and I am apt to reply, ‘I wonder whether you do understand it intellectually, because if you did you would also feel it.'  --  Alan Watts .
Everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.  --  Carl Jung .
To know someone here or there with whom you can feel there is understanding in spite of distances or thoughts expressed. That can make life a garden.  --  Goethe .
Believe those who are seeking the truth; doubt those who find it.  --  André Gide .
The greatest friend of Truth is time, her greatest enemy is Prejudice, and her constant companion Humility.  --  Charles Caleb Colton .
I do not want the peace that passeth understanding. I want the understanding which bringeth peace.  --  Helen Keller .
I'm for truth, no matter who tells it. I'm for justice, no matter who it's for or against.  --  Malcolm X .
Do not say, "I follow the one true path of the Spirit", but rather, "I have found the Spirit walking on my path", for the Spirit walks on all paths.  --  Khalil Gibran .
Try to have a good day today, wherever you are, whatever you do, whoever is near, if no one is near. Try to be happy, because you may not see tomorrow. There is someone this morning, who didn't wake up, who will never see this day. Try to feel lucky that this is not you.  --  Margaret Cho .
I will permit no man to narrow and degrade my soul by making me hate him.  --  Booker T. Washington .
Education: That which discloses to the wise and disguises from the foolish their lack of understanding.  --  Ambrose Bierce in The Devil's Dictionary .
Always, Sir, set a high value on spontaneous kindness. He whose inclination prompts him to cultivate your friendship of his own accord, will love you more than one whom you have been at pains to attach to you.  --  Samuel Johnson .
Cowardice asks the question, 'Is it safe?' Expediency asks the question, 'Is it politic?' And Vanity comes along and asks the question, 'Is it popular?' But Conscience asks the question 'Is it right?' And there comes a time when one must take a position that is neither safe, nor politic, nor popular, but he must do it because Conscience tells him it is right.  --  Martin Luther King .
The pursuit of truth and beauty is a sphere of activity in which we are permitted to remain children all our lives.  --  Albert Einstein .
It is error only, and not truth, that shrinks from inquiry.  --  Thomas Paine .
A man who lies to himself, and believes his own lies, becomes unable to recognize truth, either in himself or in anyone else, and he ends up losing respect for himself and for others. When he has no respect for anyone, he can no longer love, and in him, he yields to his impulses, indulges in the lowest form of pleasure, and behaves in the end like an animal in satisfying his vices. And it all comes from lying to others and to yourself.  --  Fyodor Dostoevsky .
The propagandist's purpose is to make one set of people forget that certain other sets of people are human.  --  Aldous Huxley .
In critical moments even the very powerful have need of the weakest.  --  Aesop .
If a man would pursue Philosophy, his first task is to throw away conceit. For it is impossible for a man to begin to learn what he has a conceit that he already knows.  -- Epictetus .
Love is an act of endless forgiveness, a tender look which becomes a habit.  --  Peter Ustinov .
There's no such thing in anyone's life as an unimportant day  --  Alexander Woolcott .
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.  --  Æschylus .
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life — It goes on.  --  Robert Frost .
Man is the only animal that laughs and weeps, for he is the only animal that is struck with the difference between what things are, and what they might have been.  --  William Hazlitt .
Where there is great love there are always miracles.  --  Willa Cather .
Life is too deep for words, so don't try to describe it, just live it.  --  C.S. Lewis .
There is no sincerer love than the love of food.  --  George Bernard Shaw .
The danger already exists that mathematicians have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the bonds of hell.  --  Saint Augustine .
Great wisdom is generous; petty wisdom is contentious. Great speech is impassioned, small speech cantankerous.  --  Zhuang Zi .
The soul would have no rainbow had the eyes no tears.  --  John Vance Cheney .
Three things in human life are important. The first is to be kind. The second is to be kind. And the third is to be kind.  --  Henry James .
A new commandment I give unto you, That ye love one another; as I have loved you, that ye also love one another. By this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another.  --  Yeshua of Galilee (Jesus Christ) .
Living next to [the US] is in some ways like sleeping with an elephant. No matter how friendly and even-tempered the beast, one is affected by every twitch and grunt.  --  Pierre Trudeau .
Distrust all in whom the impulse to punish is powerful.  --  Friedrich Nietzsche .
We are what we pretend to be, so we must be careful about what we pretend to be.  --  Kurt Vonnegut .
The income tax has made more liars out of the American people than golf has. Even when you make a tax form out on the level, you don't know when it's through if you are a crook or a martyr.  --  Will Rogers .
Curse on all laws but those which love has made!  --  Alexander Pope .
The real question is not whether machines think but whether men do.  --  B. F. Skinner .
The eyes of fear want you to put bigger locks on your doors, buy guns, close yourself off. The eyes of love, instead, see all of us as one.  --  Bill Hicks .
Materialists and madmen never have doubts.  --  G. K. Chesterton .
Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped.  --  Elbert Hubbard .
It is not only for what we do that we are held responsible, but also for what we do not do.  --  Molière .
I still believe, in spite of everything, that people are truly good at heart.  --  Anne Frank .
The greater part of our happiness or misery depends on our dispositions, and not on our circumstances. We carry the seeds of the one or the other about with us in our minds wherever we go.  --  Martha Washington .
In war, you win or lose, live or die — and the difference is just an eyelash.  --  Douglas MacArthur .
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared.  --  Gautama Buddha .
Nothing is better than the unintended humor of reality.  --  Steve Allen .
When a thing has been said, and said well, have no scruple. Take it and copy it.  --  Anatole France .
The greatest good you can do for another is not just to share your riches, but to reveal to him his own.  --  Benjamin Disraeli .
Prejudice comes from being in the dark; sunlight disinfects it.  --  Muhammad Ali .
Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.  --  Robert J. Hanlon .
I would rather live in a world where my life is surrounded by mystery than live in a world so small that my mind could comprehend it.  --  Harry Emerson Fosdick .
In nature's infinite book of secrecy a little I can read.  --  William Shakespeare in Antony and Cleopatra .
The greatest thing you'll ever learn is just to love and be loved in return.  --  eden ahbez .
Everything in the universe relates to the number 5, one way or another, given enough ingenuity on the part of the interpreter.  --  Principia Discordia, The Law of Fives .
That best portion of a good man's life, — His little, nameless, unremembered acts of kindness and of love.  --  William Wordsworth .
If I can stop one heart from breaking, I shall not live in vain; If I can ease one life the aching, Or cool one pain, Or help one fainting robin Unto his nest again, I shall not live in vain.  --  Emily Dickinson .
There are very few human beings who receive the truth , complete and staggering, by instant illumination. Most of them acquire it fragment by fragment, on a small scale, by successive developments, cellularly, like a laborious mosaic.  --  Anaïs Nin .
All I am I owe to my mother. I attribute all my success in life to the moral, intellectual and physical education I received from her.  --  George Washington .
There are worlds beyond worlds and times beyond times, all of them true, all of them real, and all of them (as children know) penetrating each other.  --  P. L. Travers .
The integral vision embodies an attempt to take the best of both worlds, ancient and modern. But that demands a critical stance willing to reject unflinchingly the worst of both as well.  --  Ken Wilber .
It may help to understand human affairs to be clear that most of the great triumphs and tragedies of history are caused, not by people being fundamentally good or fundamentally bad, but by people being fundamentally people.  --  Good Omens (by Gaiman & Pratchett) .
I believe that man will not merely endure: he will prevail. He is immortal, not because he alone among creatures has an inexhaustible voice, but because he has a soul, a spirit capable of compassion and sacrifice and endurance.  --  William Faulkner .
In the end it is how you fight, as much as why you fight, that makes your cause good or bad.  --  Freeman Dyson .
In the fields of observation chance favors only the prepared mind.  --  Louis Pasteur .
If we begin with certainties, we shall end in doubts; if we begin with doubts, and are patient, we shall end in certainties.  --  Marcus Aurelius .
Explanations exist; they have existed for all times, for there is always an easy solution to every human problems — neat, plausible, and wrong.  --  H. L. Mencken .
Love me for love's sake, that evermore thou may'st love on, through love's eternity.  --  Elizabeth Barrett Browning .
It is love alone that gives worth to all things.  --  St. Teresa of Avila (Teresa de Jesús) .
No theory, no ready-made system, no book that has ever been written will save the world. I cleave to no system. I am a true seeker.  --  Mikhail Bakunin .
The road to wisdom? — Well, it's plain and simple to express: Err and err and err again but less and less and less.  --  Piet Hein .
The way I see it, if you want the rainbow you gotta be willing to put up with the rain.  --  Dolly Parton .
I try to make everyone's day a little more surreal.  --  Bill Watterson .
The creation of something new is not accomplished by the intellect but by the play instinct acting from inner necessity. The creative mind plays with the objects it loves.  --  Carl Jung .
I got some new underwear the other day. Well, new to me.  --  Emo Philips .
Everything that is new or uncommon raises a pleasure in the imagination, because it fills the soul with an agreeable surprise, gratifies its curiosity, and gives it an idea of which it was not before possessed.  --  Joseph Addison .
All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed. Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident.  --  Arthur Schopenhauer .
Transport of the mails, transport of the human voice, transport of flickering pictures — in this century, as in others, our highest accomplishments still have the single aim of bringing men together.  --  Antoine de Saint-Exupery .
A conclusion is the place where you got tired of thinking.  --  Steven Wright .
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream.  --  Edgar Allan Poe .
There is nothing so pitiful as a young cynic because he has gone from knowing nothing to believing nothing.  --  Maya Angelou .
The difference between a hooker and a ho ain't nothin' but a fee.  --  Cheryl James ("Salt" of the rap group "Salt 'N' Pepa") .
There is little difference in people, but that little difference makes a big difference. That little difference is attitude. The big difference is whether it is positive or negative.  --  W. Clement Stone .
We all have ability. The difference is how we use it.  --  Stevie Wonder .
Honest differences are often a healthy sign of progress.  --  Mahatma Gandhi .
Do nothing, and everything is done.  --  Lao Zi; Variant: When nothing is done, nothing is left undone.  .
Man's most valuable trait is a judicious sense of what not to believe.  --  Euripides .
It is not so much what you believe in that matters, as the way in which you believe it and proceed to translate that belief into action.  --  Lin Yutang .
A wise man proportions his belief to the evidence.  --  David Hume .
History teaches that wars begin when governments believe the price of aggression is cheap.  --  Ronald Reagan .
Whatever else history may say about me when I’m gone, I hope it will record that I appealed to your best hopes, not your worst fears; to your confidence rather than your doubts. My dream is that you will travel the road ahead with liberty’s lamp guiding your steps and opportunity’s arm steadying your way.  --  Ronald Reagan .
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds you plant.  --  Robert Louis Stevenson .
To be able to fill leisure intelligently is the last product of civilization, and at present very few people have reached this level.  --  Bertrand Russell .
Apathy can be overcome by enthusiasm, and enthusiasm can only be aroused by two things: first, an ideal, with takes the imagination by storm, and second, a definite intelligible plan for carrying that ideal into practice.  --  Arnold J. Toynbee .
Seek always to do some good, somewhere. Every man has to seek in his own way to realize his true worth. You must give some time to your fellow man. Even if it's a little thing, do something for those who need help, something for which you get no pay but the privilege of doing it.  --  Albert Schweitzer .
Happiness is the only good. The place to be happy is here. The time to be happy is now. The way to be happy is to make others so.  --  Robert G. Ingersoll .
Love loves to love love.  --  James Joyce in Ulysses .
There is a great man who makes every man feel small. But the real great man is the man who makes every man feel great.  --  G. K. Chesterton .
I'm not a prettier everywoman. I am an everywoman that they clean up awfully well for TV.  --  Kelly Ripa .
Vanity is so anchored in the heart of man that a soldier, a soldier's servant, a cook, a porter brags and wishes to have his admirers. Even philosophers wish for them. Those who write against it want to have the glory of having written well; and those who read it desire the glory of having read it. I who write this have perhaps this desire, and perhaps those who will read it...  --  Blaise Pascal .
With most men, unbelief in one thing springs from blind belief in another.  --  Georg Christoph Lichtenberg .
How wonderful that we have met with a paradox. Now we have some hope of making progress.  --  Niels Bohr .
Every man should be capable of all ideas.  --  Jorge Luis Borges .
Books won't stay banned. They won't burn. Ideas won't go to jail. In the long run of history, the censor and the inquisitor have always lost. The only sure weapon against bad ideas is better ideas.  --  Alfred Whitney Griswold .
Play the man, Master Ridley; we shall this day light such a candle, by God's grace, in England, as I trust shall never be put out.  --  Hugh Latimer .
It is circumstances which show what men are.  --  Epictetus .
Faith and doubt both are needed — not as antagonists, but working side by side to take us around the unknown curve.  --  Lillian Smith .
They serve so that we don't have to. They offer to give up their lives so that we can be free. It is, remarkably, their gift to us. And all they ask for in return is that we never send them into harm's way unless it is absolutely necessary. Will they ever trust us again?  --  Michael Moore .
How is the world ruled and how do wars start? Diplomats tell lies to journalists and then believe what they read.  --  Karl Kraus .
Opinions alter, manners change, creeds rise and fall, but the moral laws are written on the tablets of eternity.  --  James Anthony Froude (long misattributed to Lord Acton) .
With great power comes great responsibility.  --  Stan Lee .
You don't understand. I could'a had class. I could'a been a contender.  --  Marlon Brando as "Terry Malloy" in On the Waterfront .
for the support of this Declaration, with a firm reliance on the Protection of Divine Providence, we mutually pledge to each other our Lives, our Fortunes and our sacred Honor.  --  closing lines of The unanimous Declaration of the thirteen united States Of America written primarily by Thomas Jefferson, and approved as an official document of united will and determination, July 4, 1776.  .
We hold these truths to be sacred & undeniable; that all men are created equal & independent, that from that equal creation they derive rights inherent & inalienable, among which are the preservation of life, & liberty, & the pursuit of happiness.  --  Thomas Jefferson in an early draft of The Declaration of Independence.  .
When in the Course of human events, it becomes necessary for one people to dissolve the political bands which have connected them with another, and to assume, among the Powers of the earth, the separate and equal station to which the Laws of Nature and of Nature's God entitle them, a decent respect to the opinions of mankind requires that they should declare the causes which impel them to the separation.  --  Opening statement of The Declaration of Independence of The United States of America, composed primarily by Thomas Jefferson .
Life can only be understood backwards; but it must be lived forwards.  --  Søren Kierkegaard .
Why is all around us here as if some lesser god had made the world, but had not force to shape it as he would, till the High God behold it from beyond, and enter it, and make it beautiful? Or else as if the world were wholly fair, but that these eyes of men are dense and dim, and have not power to see it as it is: perchance, because we see not to the close...  --  Alfred, Lord Tennyson in Idylls of the King .
Why can't you harness Might so that it works for Right? I know it sounds nonsense, but, I mean, you can't just say there is no such thing. The Might is there, in the bad half of people, and you can't neglect it. You can't cut it out but you might be able to direct it, if you see what I mean, so that it was useful instead of bad.  --  T. H. White in The Once and Future King .
You can't expect to wield supreme executive power just 'cause some watery tart threw a sword at you!  --  Michael Palin as "Dennis" in Monty Python and the Holy Grail .
The old order changeth, yielding place to new, and God fulfils himself in many ways lest one good custom should corrupt the world.  --  Alfred, Lord Tennyson in Idylls of the King .
What kind of peace do we seek? Not a Pax Americana enforced on the world by American weapons of war. Not the peace of the grave or the security of the slave. I am talking about genuine peace, the kind of peace that makes life on earth worth living, the kind that enables men and nations to grow and to hope and to build a better life for their children — not merely peace for Americans but peace for all men and women — not merely peace in our time but peace for all time.  --  John F. Kennedy .
Moderate strength is shown in violence, supreme strength is shown in levity.  --  G. K. Chesterton .
When we wish to correct with advantage and to show another that he errs, we must notice from what side he views the matter, for on that side it is usually true, and admit that truth to him, but reveal to him the side on which it is false. He is satisfied with that, for he sees that he was not mistaken and that he only failed to see all sides.  --  Blaise Pascal .
It is unwise to be too sure of one's own wisdom. It is healthy to be reminded that the strongest might weaken and the wisest might err.  --  Mahatma Gandhi .
We come nearest to the great when we are great in humility.  --  Rabindranath Tagore .
Every man is a damn fool for at least five minutes every day; wisdom consists in not exceeding the limit.  --  Elbert Hubbard .
What a folly to dread the thought of throwing away life at once, and yet have no regard to throwing it away by parcels and piecemeal.  --  John Howe .
I'll tell you this — No eternal reward will forgive us now for wasting the dawn.  --  Jim Morrison .
Had we but world enough, and time, this coyness, Lady, were no crime.  --  Andrew Marvell .
If the doors of perception were cleansed every thing would appear to man as it is: Infinite. For man has closed himself up, till he sees all things thro' narrow chinks of his cavern.  --  William Blake .
Science is the tool of the Western mind and with it more doors can be opened than with bare hands. It is part and parcel of our knowledge and obscures our insight only when it holds that the understanding given by it is the only kind there is.  --  Carl Jung .
When I was a kid my parents used to tell me: "Don't go near the cellar door, Emo!"  One day when they were away, I went to the door and opened it... and I saw birds and trees...  --  Emo Philips .
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.  --  Oprah Winfrey .
In all people I see myself, none more and not one a barley-corn less, and the good or bad I say of myself I say of them.  --  Walt Whitman in Leaves of Grass .
I just know that something good is going to happen. I don't know when — but just saying it could even make it happen.  --  Kate Bush .
Blue Moon, now I'm no longer alone, without a dream in my heart, without a love of my own.  --  Lorenz Hart .
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh, and the greatness which does not bow before children.  --  Khalil Gibran .
We are defined by how we use our power.  --  Gerry Spence .
Your strength is but an accident arising from the weakness of others.  --  Joseph Conrad in Heart of Darkness .
Character does count. For too long we have gotten by in a society that says the only thing right is to get by and the only thing wrong is to get caught. Character is doing what's right when nobody is looking...  --  J. C. Watts .
A man should be upright, not kept upright.  --  Marcus Aurelius .
It is certainly no part of religion to compel religion.  --  Tertullian .
Long live freedom and damn the ideologies.  --  Robinson Jeffers .
Nobody can be said to have attained the pinnacle of Truth until a thousand sincere people have denounced him for blasphemy.  --  Anthony de Mello .
The only kind of dignity which is genuine is that which is not diminished by the indifference of others.  --  Dag Hammarskjöld .
There is a healthful hardiness about real dignity that never dreads contact and communion with others, however humble.  --  Washington Irving .
Humour is an affirmation of dignity, a declaration of man's superiority to all that befalls him.  --  Romain Gary .
Life itself is the proper binge.  --  Julia Child .
Life is a mystery to be lived, not a problem to be solved.  --  Søren Kierkegaard .
The best mind-altering drug is the truth.  --  Lily Tomlin .
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious.  --  Peter Ustinov .
One horse-laugh is worth ten thousand syllogisms. It is not only more effective; it is also vastly more intelligent.  --  H. L. Mencken .
No man who has once heartily and wholly laughed can be altogether irreclaimably bad.  --  Thomas Carlyle .
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong.  --  Mahatma Gandhi .
As long as war is regarded as wicked, it will always have its fascination. When it is looked upon as vulgar, it will cease to be popular.  --  Oscar Wilde .
Against stupidity the gods themselves contend in vain.  --  Friedrich Schiller .
It’s no use crying over spilt evils. It’s better to mop them up laughing.  --  Eleanor Farjeon .
The most beautiful people we have known are those who have known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of the depths. These persons have an appreciation, a sensitivity and an understanding of life that fills them with compassions, gentleness, and a deep loving concern. Beautiful people do not just happen.  --  Elisabeth Kübler-Ross .
Because I remember, I despair. Because I remember, I have the duty to reject despair.  --  Elie Wiesel .
It is better for a leader to make a mistake in forgiving than to make a mistake in punishing.  --  Muhammad .
God moves in a mysterious way, His wonders to perform; He plants his footsteps in the sea, And rides upon the storm.  --  William Cowper .
There lives more faith in honest doubt, believe me, than in half the creeds.  --  Alfred, Lord Tennyson .
Know Thyself  --  Ancient proverb that was inscribed upon the temple of the Oracle of Delphi.  .
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.  --  George Bernard Shaw .
I'm standing on the edge of some crazy cliff. What I have to do, I have to catch everybody if they start to go over the cliff — I mean if they're running and they don't look where they're going I have to come out from somewhere and catch them. That's all I'd do all day. I'd just be the catcher in the rye and all. I know it's crazy, but that's the only thing I'd really like to be. I know it's crazy.  --  J. D. Salinger in The Catcher in the Rye .
The silence often of pure innocence persuades when speaking fails.  --  William Shakespeare in The Winter's Tale .
Be silent as to services you have rendered, but speak of favours you have received.  --  Seneca .
In human intercourse the tragedy begins, not when there is misunderstanding about words, but when silence is not understood.  --  Henry David Thoreau .
Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter.  --  Martin Luther King, Jr.  .
I like not only to be loved, but also to be told that I am loved. I am not sure that you are of the same mind. But the realm of silence is large enough beyond the grave. This is the world of light and speech, and I shall take leave to tell you that you are very dear.  --  George Eliot .
The earth is rude, silent, incomprehensible at first; Be not discouraged — keep on — there are divine things, well envelop'd; I swear to you there are divine things more beautiful than words can tell.  --  Walt Whitman in Leaves of Grass .
He that would live in peace and at ease, must not speak all he knows, nor judge all he sees.  --  Benjamin Franklin .
Only tragedy allows the release of love and grief never normally seen.  --  Kate Bush .
The universe is not required to be in perfect harmony with human ambition.  --  Carl Sagan .
He, who will not reason, is a bigot; he, who cannot, is a fool; and he, who dares not, is a slave.  --  William Drummond .
We don't see things as they are, we see things as we are.  --  Anaïs Nin .
The humbleness of a warrior is not the humbleness of the beggar. The warrior lowers his head to no one, but at the same time, he doesn’t permit anyone to lower his head to him. The beggar, on the other hand, falls to his knees at the drop of a hat and scrapes the floor to anyone he deems to be higher; but at the same time, he demands that someone lower than him scrape the floor for him.  --  Carlos Castaneda .
The mark of the immature man is that he wants to die nobly for a cause, while the mark of a mature man is that he wants to live humbly for one.  --  Wilhelm Stekel .
A faith is something you die for, a doctrine is something you kill for. There is all the difference in the world.  --  Tony Benn .
The cardinal doctrine of a fanatic's creed is that his enemies are the enemies of God.  --  Andrew Dickson White .
A saint is someone who has achieved a remote human possibility. It is impossible to say what that possibility is. I think it has something to do with the energy of love... Something in him so loves the world that he gives himself to the laws of gravity and chance. Far from flying with the angels, he traces with the fidelity of a seismograph needle the state of the solid bloody landscape. His house is dangerous and finite, but he is at home in the world. He can love the shape of human beings, the fine and twisted shapes of the heart. It is good to have among us such men, such balancing monsters of love.  --  Leonard Cohen .
What is done out of love always takes place beyond good and evil.  --  Friedrich Nietzsche in Beyond Good and Evil .
Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.  --  H. G. Wells .
At least two thirds of our miseries spring from human stupidity, human malice and those great motivators and justifiers of malice and stupidity, idealism, dogmatism and proselytizing zeal on behalf of religious or political idols.  --  Aldous Huxley .
Goodness alone is never enough. A hard cold wisdom is required, too, for goodness to accomplish good. Goodness without wisdom invariably accomplishes evil.  --  Robert Heinlein in Stranger in a Strange Land .
To do evil that good may come of it is for bunglers in politics as well as morals.  --  William Penn .
Men never do evil so completely and cheerfully as when they do it from religious conviction.  --  Blaise Pascal .
We have just enough religion to make us hate, but not enough to make us love one another.  --  Jonathan Swift .
Those who think they know it all are very annoying to those of us who do.  --  Anonymous .
The above variant was how this quotation was originally posted. It seems to be derived from this statement attributed to a specific author: Those people who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do.  --  Isaac Asimov .
Love is the most important thing in the world. It may be important to great thinkers to examine the world, to explain and despise it. But I think it is only important to love the world, not to despise it, not for us to hate each other, but to be able to regard the world and ourselves and all beings with love, admiration and respect.  --  Hermann Hesse .
We cannot live only for ourselves. A thousand fibers connect us with our fellow men; and among those fibers, as sympathetic threads, our actions run as causes, and they come back to us as effects.  --  Henry Melvill (also widely misattributed to Herman Melville) .
Truth can never be told so as to be understood and not be believed.  --  William Blake .
Between two evils, I always pick the one I never tried before.  --  Mae West .
Given the choice between two theories, take the one which is funnier.  --  "Blore's Razor" (Author unknown) .
As for myself, I always willingly acknowledge my own self as the principal cause of every good and of every evil which may befall me; therefore I have always found myself capable of being my own pupil, and ready to love my teacher.  --  Giacomo Casanova .
You cannot hope to build a better world without improving the individuals. To that end each of us must work for his own improvement, and at the same time share a general responsibility for all humanity, our particular duty being to aid those to whom we think we can be most useful.  --  Marie Curie .
I don't get no respect!  --  Rodney Dangerfield .
Every human being, of whatever origin, of whatever station, deserves respect. We must each respect others even as we respect ourselves.  --  U Thant .
No one is useless in this world who lightens the burden of it for anyone else.  --  Charles Dickens in Our Mutual Friend .
Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly and applying the wrong remedies.  --  Groucho Marx .
You are educated when you have the ability to listen to almost anything without losing your temper or self-confidence.  --  Robert Frost .
I don't really know why I care so much. I just have something inside me that tells me that there is a problem, and I have got to do something about it. I think that is what I would call the God in me. All of us have a God in us, and that God is the spirit that unites all life, everything that is on this planet.  --  Wangari Maathai .
So many of our dreams at first seem impossible, then they seem improbable, and then, when we summon the will, they soon become inevitable.  --  Christopher Reeve .
Here is the test to find whether your mission on earth is finished: If you're alive, it isn't.  --  Richard Bach .
It is better to debate a question without deciding it than to decide it without debate.  --  Joseph Joubert .
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world.  --  Margaret Mead .
Nothing endures but change.  --  Heraclitus .
Try not. Do. Or do not. There is no try.  --  "Yoda" in Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back .
These children that you spit on as they try to change their worlds are immune to your consultations. They're quite aware of what they're going through...  --  David Bowie .
Freedom is the freedom to say that two plus two make four. If that is granted, all else follows.  --  George Orwell in Nineteen Eighty-Four .
I know that most men, including those at ease with problems of the greatest complexity, can seldom accept even the simplest and most obvious truth if it be such as would oblige them to admit the falsity of conclusions which they have delighted in explaining to colleagues, which they have proudly taught to others, and which they have woven, thread by thread, into the fabric of their lives.  --  Leo Tolstoy .
It doesn't matter if we were down 3-0. You've just got to keep the faith. The game is not over until the last out.  --  David Ortiz .
There’s a time when a man needs to fight, and a time when he needs to accept that his destiny is lost, that the ship has sailed, and that only a fool would continue. The truth is, I’ve always been a fool.  --  Albert Finney as "Ed Bloom" in Big Fish .
You may encounter many defeats, but you must not be defeated. In fact, it may be necessary to encounter the defeats, so you can know who you are, what you can rise from, how you can still come out of it.  --  Maya Angelou .
Only when we are no longer afraid do we begin to live.  --  Dorothy Thompson .
Do all the good you can, by all the means you can, in all the ways you can, in all the places you can, at all the times you can, to all the people you can, as long as ever you can.  --  John Wesley .
I'm not against God. I'm against the misuse of God.  --  Marilyn Manson .
The antagonism between science and religion, about which we hear so much, appears to me to be purely factitious — fabricated, on the one hand, by short-sighted religious people who confound a certain branch of science, theology, with religion; and, on the other, by equally short-sighted scientific people who forget that science takes for its province only that which is susceptible of clear intellectual comprehension; and that, outside the boundaries of that province, they must be content with imagination, with hope, and with ignorance.  --  T. H. Huxley .
We're just being ourselves and having fun playing baseball. The biggest thing is when people look at our team, they can see that we're having a lot of fun.  --  Johnny Damon .
The future is not some place we are going to, but one we are creating. The paths are not to be found, but made, and the activity of making them, changes both the maker and the destination.  --  John Schaar .
It’s always worthwhile to make others aware of their worth.  --  Malcolm Forbes .
Merry meet, and merry part, and Blessed Be.  --  A pagan expression of blessing.  .
We’d all like t’vote fer th’best man, but he’s never a candidate.  --  Kin Hubbard .
I remain just one thing, and one thing only — and that is a clown. It places me on a far higher plane than any politician.  --  Charlie Chaplin .
ALL YOUR BASE ARE BELONG TO US.  --  CATS of Zero Wing .
America has spoken, and I'm humbled by the trust and the confidence of my fellow citizens.  --  George W. Bush .
The secret of success is sincerity. Once you can fake that you've got it made.  --  Jean Giraudoux .
Whether we and our politicians know it or not, Nature is party to all our deals and decisions, and she has more votes, a longer memory, and a sterner sense of justice than we do.  --  Wendell Berry .
It took a couple of hundred million years to develop a thinking ape and you want a smart one in a lousy few hundred thousand?  --  Spider Robinson .
All the people of all the nations which had fought in the First World War were silent during the eleventh minute of the eleventh hour of Armistice Day, which was the eleventh day of the eleventh month. It was during that minute in nineteen hundred and eighteen, that millions upon millions of human beings stopped butchering one another. I have talked to old men who were on battlefields during that minute. They have told me in one way or another that the sudden silence was the Voice of God. So we still have among us some men who can remember when God spoke clearly to mankind.  --  Kurt Vonnegut .
Under all speech that is good for anything there lies a silence that is better. Silence is deep as Eternity; speech is shallow as Time.  --  Thomas Carlyle .
Anyone who believes in God and the Last Day should not harm his neighbor. Anyone who believes in God and the Last Day should entertain his guest generously. And anyone who believes in God and the Last Day should say what is good or keep quiet.  --  Muhammad .
If I want to understand something, I must observe, I must not criticize, I must not condemn, I must not pursue it as pleasure or avoid it as non-pleasure. There must merely be the silent observation of a fact.  --  J. Krishnamurti .
Every now and then a clear harmonic cry gave new suggestions of a tune that would someday be the only tune in the world and would raise men's souls to joy.  --  Jack Kerouac in On The Road .
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace.  --  Jimi Hendrix .
There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is striking at the root.  --  Henry David Thoreau .
Nowadays most men lead lives of noisy desperation.  --  James Thurber .
Unless you choose to do great things with it, it makes no difference how much you are rewarded, or how much power you have.  --  Oprah Winfrey .
The one important thing I have learned over the years is the difference between taking one's work seriously and taking one's self seriously. The first is imperative and the second is disastrous.  --  Margot Fonteyn .
Fame is something which must be won; honor is something which must not be lost.  --  Arthur Schopenhauer .
I'd rather be a climbing ape than a falling angel.  --  Terry Pratchett .
Hope is definitely not the same thing as optimism. It is not the conviction that something will turn out well, but the certainty that something makes sense, regardless of how it turns out.  --  Václav Havel .
Great minds have purposes, others have wishes. Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortunes; but great minds rise above them.  --  Washington Irving .
Show respect to all people and grovel to none. When you arise in the morning give thanks for the food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason for giving thanks, the fault lies only in yourself. Abuse no one and no thing, for abuse turns the wise ones to fools and robs the spirit of its vision.  --  Tecumseh .
When a person doesn't have gratitude, something is missing in his or her humanity. A person can almost be defined by his or her attitude toward gratitude.  --  Elie Wiesel .
I would rather be able to appreciate things I cannot have than to have things I am not able to appreciate.  --  Elbert Hubbard .
Arbitrary power is most easily established on the ruins of liberty abused to licentiousness.  --  George Washington .
Find the good — and praise it.  --  Alex Haley .
The art of being wise is the art of knowing what to overlook.  --  William James .
Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it. My optimism, then, does not rest on the absence of evil, but on a glad belief in the preponderance of good and a willing effort always to cooperate with the good, that it may prevail.  --  Helen Keller .
The free expression of the hopes and aspirations of a people is the greatest and only safety in a sane society.  --  Emma Goldman .
Every man's work, whether it be literature or music or pictures or architecture or anything else, is always a portrait of himself.  --  Samuel Butler .
Oh, if a man tried to take his time on earth and prove before he died what one man's life could be worth, I wonder what would happen to this world?  --  Harry Chapin .
You may say I'm a dreamer, but I'm not the only one; I hope some day you'll join us, and the world will live as one.  --  John Lennon .
Love alone is capable of uniting living beings in such a way as to complete and fulfill them, for it alone takes them and joins them by what is deepest in themselves.  --  Pierre Teilhard de Chardin .
Every single moment of a person's life, both of the understanding and of the will, is a new beginning.  --  Emanuel Swedenborg .
How lovely to think that no one need wait a moment, we can start now, start slowly changing the world! How lovely that everyone, great and small, can make their contribution toward introducing justice straightaway... And you can always, always give something, even if it is only kindness!  --  Anne Frank .
Loving kindness is greater than laws; and the charities of life are more than all ceremonies.  --  The Talmud .
There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle.  --  Albert Einstein .
The function of the imagination is not to make strange things settled, so much as to make settled things strange.  --  G. K. Chesterton .
The dark night of the soul comes just before revelation. When everything is lost, and all seems darkness, then comes the new life and all that is needed.  --  Joseph Campbell .
i who have died am alive again today, and this is the sun's birthday...  --  e. e. cummings .
There isn't anyone anywhere that isn't Seymour's Fat Lady. Don't you know that? Don't you know that goddam secret yet? And don't you know — listen to me, now — don't you know who that Fat Lady really is? . . . Ah, buddy. Ah, buddy. It's Christ Himself. Christ Himself, buddy.  --  J. D. Salinger .
Shall we make a new rule of life from tonight — always to try to be a little kinder than is necessary?  --  J. M. Barrie .
I will make company with creators, with harvesters, with rejoicers; I will show them the rainbow and the stairway to the Superman.  --  Friedrich Nietzsche in Thus Spoke Zarathustra .
No man is an island, entire of itself; every man is a piece of the continent, a part of the main. If a clod be washed away by the sea, Europe is the less, as well as if a promontory were, as well as if a manor of thy friend's or of thine own were. Any man's death diminishes me because I am involved in mankind; and therefore never send to know for whom the bell tolls; it tolls for thee…  --  John Donne .
I know this in no way alleviates the enormous amounts of pain and loss experienced by those who have suffered from the tsunami, but I hope it can make a difference.  -- Sandra Bullock on her large donation to tsunami relief efforts of the American Red Cross .
I can not do everything, but I can do something. I must not fail to do the something that I can do.  --  Helen Keller .
I know the biggest crime is just to throw up your hands and say "This has nothing to do with me, I just want to live as comfortably as I can."  --  Ani DiFranco .
The dogmas of the quiet past are inadequate to the stormy present. The occasion is piled high with difficulty, and we must rise with the occasion. As our case is new, so we must think anew and act anew.  --  Abraham Lincoln .
The worst sin towards our fellow creatures is not to hate them, but to be indifferent to them: that's the essence of inhumanity.  --  George Bernard Shaw .
Each time a person stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring, these ripples build a current that can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance.  --  Robert F. Kennedy .
The best things in life are nearest: Breath in your nostrils, light in your eyes, flowers at your feet, duties at your hand, the path of right just before you. Then do not grasp at the stars, but do life's plain, common work as it comes, certain that daily duties and daily bread are the sweetest things in life.  --  Robert Louis Stevenson .
If men would consider not so much where they differ, as wherein they agree, there would be far less of uncharitableness and angry feeling in the world.  --  Joseph Addison .
Do not think of knocking out another person's brains because he differs in opinion from you. It would be as rational to knock yourself on the head because you differ from yourself ten years ago.  --  Horace Mann .
Wisdom tends to grow in proportion to one's awareness of one's ignorance.  --  Anthony de Mello .
Appearances are a glimpse of the unseen.  --  Æschylus .
The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.  --  Martin Luther King, Jr.  .
If we win here we will win everywhere. The world is a fine place and worth the fighting for and I hate very much to leave it.  --  Ernest Hemingway .
The hope of a secure and livable world lies with disciplined nonconformists who are dedicated to justice, peace and brotherhood.  --  Martin Luther King, Jr.  .
The danger is not that a particular class is unfit to govern. Every class is unfit to govern. The law of liberty tends to abolish the reign of race over race, of faith over faith, of class over class.  --  Lord Acton .
The survival of liberty in our land increasingly depends on the success of liberty in other lands. The best hope for peace in our world is the expansion of freedom in all the world.  --  George W. Bush .
An avidity to punish is always dangerous to liberty. It leads men to stretch, to misinterpret, and to misapply even the best of laws. He that would make his own liberty secure must guard even his enemy from oppression; for if he violates this duty he establishes a precedent that will reach to himself.  --  Thomas Paine .
Even as the fingers of the two hands are equal, so are human beings equal to one another. No one has any right, nor any preference to claim over another. You are brothers.  --  Muhammad .
So long as there is death there will be sorrow, and so long as there is sorrow it can be no part of the duty of human beings to increase its amount, in spite of the fact that a few rare spirits know how to transmute it.  --  Bertrand Russell .
A hundred times every day I remind myself that my inner and outer life depend on the labors of other men, living and dead, and that I must exert myself in order to give in the same measure as I have received and am still receiving.  --  Albert Einstein .
If I have been able to see further, it was only because I stood on the shoulders of giants.  --  Isaac Newton on his intellectual debt to those who preceded him.  .
Give me a place to stand, and I shall move the world.  --  Archimedes .
Remind yourself that all men assert that wisdom is the greatest good, but that there are few who strenuously seek out that greatest good.  --  Pythagoras .
I have one major rule: everybody is right. More specifically, everybody — including me — has some important pieces of the truth, and all of those pieces need to be honored, cherished, and included in a more gracious, spacious, and compassionate embrace.  --  Ken Wilber .
Anything different is good.  --  Bill Murray as "Phil" in Groundhog Day .
The past is but the beginning of a beginning, and all that is or has been is but the twilight of the dawn.  --  H. G. Wells .
Our ideals, laws and customs should be based on the proposition that each generation, in turn, becomes the custodian rather than the absolute owner of our resources and each generation has the obligation to pass this inheritance on to the future.  --  Charles Lindbergh .
I profoundly believe that there is on this horizon, as yet only dimly perceived, a new dawn of conscience. In that purer light, people will come to see themselves in each other, which is to say they will make themselves known to one another by their similarities rather than by their differences. Man's knowledge of things will begin to be matched by man's knowledge of self. The significance of a smaller world will be measured not in terms of military advantage, but in terms of advantage for the human community. It will be the triumph of the heartbeat over the drumbeat.  --  Adlai Stevenson .
You and I are told increasingly that we have to choose between a left or right, but I would like to suggest that there is no such thing as a left or right. There is only an up or down — up to a man's age-old dream; the ultimate in individual freedom consistent with law and order — or down to the ant heap totalitarianism, and regardless of their sincerity, their humanitarian motives, those who would trade our freedom for security have embarked on this downward course.  --  Ronald Reagan .
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of Light, it was the season of Darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair, we had everything before us, we had nothing before us, we were all going direct to Heaven, we were all going direct the other way — in short, the period was so far like the present period, that some of its noisiest authorities insisted on its being received, for good or for evil, in the superlative degree of comparison only.  --  Charles Dickens in A Tale of Two Cities .
All journeys have secret destinations of which the traveler is unaware.  --  Martin Buber .
If one knows only what one is told, one does not know enough to be able to arrive at a well-balanced decision.  --  Leó Szilárd .
The apple cannot be stuck back on the Tree of Knowledge; once we begin to see, we are doomed and challenged to seek the strength to see more, not less.  --  Arthur Miller .
All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them.  --  Galileo Galilei .
A teacher affects eternity; he can never tell where his influence stops.  --  Henry Adams .
There is one simple Divinity found in all things, everything has Divinity latent within itself. For she enfolds and imparts herself even unto the smallest beings. Without her presence nothing would have being, because she is the essence of the existence of the first unto the last being.  --  Giordano Bruno .
Teachers are those who use themselves as bridges, over which they invite their students to cross; then having facilitated their crossing, joyfully collapse, encouraging them to create bridges of their own.  --  Nikos Kazantzakis .
I am not so enamored of my own opinions that I disregard what others may think of them. I am aware that a philosopher's ideas are not subject to the judgement of ordinary persons, because it is his endeavor to seek the truth in all things, to the extent permitted to human reason by God. Yet I hold that completely erroneous views should be shunned.  --  Nicolaus Copernicus .
All in all is all we are.  --  Kurt Cobain .
If you're going to be crazy, you have to get paid for it or else you're going to be locked up.  --  Hunter S. Thompson .
We think basically you watch television to turn your brain off, and you work on your computer when you want to turn your brain on.  --  Steve Jobs .
The writer is delegated to declare and to celebrate man's proven capacity for greatness of heart and spirit — for gallantry in defeat — for courage, compassion and love. In the endless war against weakness and despair, these are the bright rally-flags of hope and of emulation. I hold that a writer who does not passionately believe in the perfectibility of man, has no dedication nor any membership in literature.  --  John Steinbeck .
Of all our infirmities, the most savage is to despise our being.  --  Michel de Montaigne .
From there to here, from here to there, funny things are everywhere.  --  Dr. Seuss .
Leave the beaten track behind occasionally and dive into the woods. Every time you do you will be certain to find something you have never seen before.  --  Alexander Graham Bell .
One man practicing sportsmanship is far better than fifty preaching it.  --  Knute Rockne .
The most dangerous phrase in the language is, "We've always done it this way."  --  Grace Hopper .
Earth's crammed with heaven, and every common bush afire with God: but only he who sees, takes off his shoes, the rest sit round it, and pluck blackberries, and daub their natural faces unaware...  --  Elizabeth Barrett Browning .
Man is constituted as a speculative being; he contemplates the world, and the objects around him, not with a passive indifferent eye, but as a system disposed with order and design.  --  John Herschel .
We should be eternally vigilant against attempts to check the expression of opinions that we loathe.  --  Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.  .
When I orbited the Earth in a spaceship, I saw for the first time how beautiful our planet is. Mankind, let us preserve and increase this beauty, and not destroy it!  --  Yuri Gagarin .
A loser doesn't know what he'll do if he loses, but talks about what he'll do if he wins, and a winner doesn't talk about what he'll do if he wins, but knows what he'll do if he loses.  --  Eric Berne .
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.  --  Douglas Adams .
I want to work in revelations, not just spin silly tales for money. I want to fish as deep down as possible into my own subconscious in the belief that once that far down, everyone will understand because they are the same that far down.  --  Jack Kerouac .
What I have known with respect to myself, has tended much to lessen both my admiration, and my contempt, of others.  --  Joseph Priestley .
Measured objectively, what a man can wrest from Truth by passionate striving is utterly infinitesimal. But the striving frees us from the bonds of the self and makes us comrades of those who are the best and the greatest.  --  Albert Einstein .
Beware the ides of March.  --  William Shakespeare in Julius Caesar .
If in my lifetime the problem of non-free software is solved, I could perhaps relax and write software again. But I might instead try to help deal with the world's larger problems. Standing up to an evil system is exhilarating, and now I have a taste for it.  --  Richard Stallman .
I am imperfect in many things, nevertheless I want my brethren and kinsfolk to know my nature so that they may be able to perceive my soul's desire.  --  Saint Patrick .
We take our bearings, daily, from others. To be sane is, to a great extent, to be sociable.  --  John Updike .
The man of character, sensitive to the meaning of what he is doing, will know how to discover the ethical paths in the maze of possible behavior.  --  Earl Warren .
Everything comes gradually and at its appointed hour.  --  Ovid .
Between individuals, as between nations, respect for the rights of others is peace.  --  Benito Juárez .
Do not the most moving moments of our lives find us all without words?  --  Marcel Marceau .
Creativity requires the courage to let go of certainties.  --  Erich Fromm .
Love, work and knowledge are the well-springs of our life. They should also govern it.  --  Wilhelm Reich .
If those who lead you say, 'See, the Kingdom is in the sky,' then the birds of the sky will precede you. If they say to you, 'It is in the sea,' then the fish will precede you. Rather, the Kingdom is inside of you, and it is outside of you. When you come to know yourselves, then you will become known, and you will realize that it is you who are the sons of the living Father. But if you will not know yourselves, you dwell in poverty and it is you who are that poverty.  --  Yeshua (Jesus Christ) .
Something there is that doesn’t love a wall, that wants it down.  --  Robert Frost .
Do not tell lies, and do not do what you hate, for all things are plain in the sight of Heaven. For nothing hidden will not become manifest, and nothing covered will remain without being uncovered.  --  Yeshua (Jesus Christ) .
A leader must have the courage to act against an expert's advice.  --  James Callaghan .
If anything can survive the probe of humour it is clearly of value, and conversely all groups who claim immunity from laughter are claiming special privileges which should not be granted.  --  Eric Idle .
Love many things, for therein lies the true strength, and whosoever loves much performs much, and can accomplish much, and what is done in love is done well.  --  Vincent van Gogh .
Good sense is of all things in the world the most equally distributed, for everybody thinks he is so well supplied with it, that even those most difficult to please in all other matters never desire more of it than they already possess.  --  René Descartes .
To be an artist is a blessing and a privilege. Artists must never betray their true hearts. Artists must look beneath the surface and show that there is more to this world than what meets the eye.  --  Marvin Gaye .
Not all are called to be artists in the specific sense of the term. Yet, as Genesis has it, all men and women are entrusted with the task of crafting their own life: in a certain sense, they are to make of it a work of art, a masterpiece.  --  Pope John Paul II .
See, I write jokes for a living, man. I sit in my hotel at night and think of something that's funny and then I go get a pen and write 'em down. Or, if the pen's too far away, I have to convince myself that what I thought of ain't funny.  --  Mitch Hedberg .
Out of the struggle at the center has come an immense, painful longing for a broader, more flexible, fuller, more coherent, more comprehensive account of what we human beings are, who we are, and what this life is for. At the center humankind struggles with collective powers for its freedom, the individual struggles with dehumanization for the possession of his soul.  --  Saul Bellow .
Believe nothing, no matter where you read it, or who said it, no matter if I have said it, unless it agrees with your own reason and your own common sense.  --  Gautama Buddha .
Science is the belief in the ignorance of experts.  --  Richard Feynman .
The love of liberty is the love of others; the love of power is the love of ourselves.  --  William Hazlitt .
Our institutions were not devised to bring about uniformity of opinion; if they had we might well abandon hope. It is important to remember, as has well been said, 'the essential characteristic of true liberty is that under its shelter many different types of life and character and opinion and belief can develop unmolested and unobstructed'.  --  Charles Evans Hughes .
A living body is not merely an integration of limbs and flesh but it is the abode of the soul which potentially has perfect perception, perfect knowledge, perfect power, and perfect bliss.  --  Mahavira .
Rightful liberty is unobstructed action according to our will within limits drawn around us by the equal rights of others. I do not add "within the limits of the law" because law is often but the tyrant's will, and always so when it violates the rights of the individual.  --  Thomas Jefferson .
The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true.  --  James Branch Cabell .
Here forms, here colours, here the character of every part of the universe are concentrated to a point; and that point is so marvellous a thing ... Oh! marvellous, O stupendous Necessity — by thy laws thou dost compel every effect to be the direct result of its cause, by the shortest path. These are miracles...  --  Leonardo da Vinci .
In this world there is room for everyone. And the good earth is rich and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way. Greed has poisoned men’s souls, has barricaded the world with hate, has goose-stepped us into misery and bloodshed. We have developed speed, but we have shut ourselves in. Machinery that gives abundance has left us in want. Our knowledge has made us cynical. Our cleverness, hard and unkind. We think too much and feel too little. More than machinery we need humanity. More than cleverness we need kindness and gentleness. Without these qualities, life will be violent and all will be lost.  --  Charlie Chaplin in The Great Dictator .
We ourselves shall be loved for a while and forgotten. But the love will have been enough; all those impulses of love return to the love that made them. Even memory is not necessary for love. There is a land of the living and a land of the dead and the bridge is love, the only survival, the only meaning.  --  Thornton Wilder .
Music can be all things to all persons. It is like a great dynamic sun in the center of a solar system which sends out its rays and inspiration in every direction.... Music makes us feel that the heavens open and a divine voice calls. Something in our souls responds and understands.  --  Leopold Stokowski .
Patience is a necessary ingredient of genius.  --  Benjamin Disraeli .
Dear brothers and sisters, after the great Pope, John Paul II, the cardinals have elected me, a simple and humble worker in the Lord's vineyard. The fact that the Lord can work and act even with insufficient means consoles me, and above all I entrust myself to your prayers.  --  Pope Benedict XVI .
When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the Universe.  --  John Muir .
Act only on that maxim which you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law.  --  Immanuel Kant .
We are such stuff as dreams are made on; and our little life is rounded with a sleep.  --  "Prospero" in The Tempest by William Shakespeare .
Everything seems an echo of something else.  --  Robert Penn Warren .
Everyone is a prisoner of his own experiences. No one can eliminate prejudices — just recognize them.  --  Edward R. Murrow .
If people did not sometimes do silly things, nothing intelligent would ever get done.  --  Ludwig Wittgenstein .
Independence I have long considered as the grand blessing of life, the basis of every virtue; and independence I will ever secure by contracting my wants, though I were to live on a barren heath.  --  Mary Wollstonecraft .
It is well known that a vital ingredient of success is not knowing that what you're attempting can't be done.  --  Terry Pratchett .
Sometimes the road less traveled is less traveled for a reason.  --  Jerry Seinfeld .
It is not knowledge, but the act of learning, not possession but the act of getting there, which grants the greatest enjoyment. When I have clarified and exhausted a subject, then I turn away from it, in order to go into darkness again.  --  Carl Friedrich Gauss .
It ought to be remembered that there is nothing more difficult to take in hand, more perilous to conduct, or more uncertain in its success, than to take the lead in the introduction of a new order of things.  --  Niccolò Machiavelli .
Be ashamed to die until you have won some victory for humanity.  --  Horace Mann .
Democracy is the destiny of humanity; freedom its indestructible arm.  --  Benito Juárez .
If you shut your door to all errors truth will be shut out.  --  Rabindranath Tagore .
Where men are the most sure and arrogant, they are commonly the most mistaken, and have there given reins to passion, without that proper deliberation and suspense, which can alone secure them from the grossest absurdities.  --  David Hume .
If they can get you asking the wrong questions, they don't have to worry about answers.  --  Thomas Pynchon .
Life is a long lesson in humility.  --  J. M. Barrie .
The world is more malleable than you think and it's waiting for you to hammer it into shape.  --  Bono .
When you separate yourself by belief, by nationality, by tradition, it breeds violence. So a man who is trying to understand violence does not belong to any country, to any religion, to any political party or partial system; he is concerned with the total understanding of mankind.  --  J. Krishnamurti .
Were there none who were discontented with what they have, the world would never reach anything better.  --  Florence Nightingale .
It behoved that there should be sin — but all shall be well, and all shall be well, and all manner of thing shall be well.  --  Julian of Norwich .
If I had my way, if I was lucky enough, if I could be on the brink my entire life — that great sense of expectation and excitement without the disappointment — that would be the perfect state.  --  Cate Blanchett .
Things had to be dreamed of before they became realities. So I believe that dreams — day dreams, you know, with your eyes wide open and your brain machinery whizzing — are likely to lead to the betterment of the world. The imaginative child will become the imaginative man or woman most apt to invent, and therefore to foster civilization.  --  L. Frank Baum .
You say that you are my judge. I don't know if you are — but take care not to judge wrongly, lest you place yourself in great danger.  --  Jehanne Darc (Jeanne d'Arc; Joan of Arc) .
I had a stick of Carefree gum, but it didn't work. I felt pretty good while I was blowing that bubble, but as soon as the gum lost its flavor, I was back to pondering my mortality.  -- Mitch Hedberg .
To fear love is to fear life, and those who fear life are already three parts dead.  --  Bertrand Russell .
Time is on the side of the oppressed today, it's against the oppressor. Truth is on the side of the oppressed today, it's against the oppressor. You don't need anything else.  -- Malcolm X .
If all mankind minus one were of one opinion, and only one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person, than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind.  --  John Stuart Mill .
May the Force be with you.  --  Jedi saying; used in all Star Wars episodes.  .
The highest morality may prove also to be the highest wisdom when the half-told story comes to be finished.  --  Arthur Conan Doyle .
It seems that it is madder never to abandon one's self than often to be infatuated; better to be wounded, a captive and a slave, than always to walk in armor.  --  Margaret Fuller .
I think of a hero as someone who understands the degree of responsibility that comes with his freedom.  --  Bob Dylan .
If the stars should appear one night in a thousand years, how would men believe and adore; and preserve for many generations the remembrance of the city of God which had been shown! But every night come out these envoys of beauty, and light the universe with their admonishing smile.  --  Ralph Waldo Emerson .
It is a wholesome and necessary thing for us to turn again to the earth and in the contemplation of her beauties to know of wonder and humility.  --  Rachel Carson .
The strokes of the pen need deliberation as much as the sword needs swiftness.  --  Julia Ward Howe .
We have gotten some terrible reviews at times but if we depended on the judgment of the studios or critics, we never would have made more than one movie.  --  Ismail Merchant .
Learn why the world wags and what wags it. That is the only thing which the mind can never exhaust, never alienate, never be tortured by, never fear or distrust, and never dream of regretting. Learning is the only thing for you. Look what a lot of things there are to learn.  --  T. H. White .
The liberty of man consists solely in this: that he obeys natural laws because he has himself recognized them as such, and not because they have been externally imposed upon him by any extrinsic will whatever, divine or human, collective or individual.  --  Mikhail Bakunin .
When there are no more memories of heroes and martyrs, And when all life and all the souls of men and women are discharged from any part of the earth, Then only shall liberty or the idea of liberty be discharged from that part of the earth, And the infidel come into full possession.  --  Walt Whitman in Leaves of Grass .
I'm the guy they used to call Deep Throat.  --  W. Mark Felt .
A time is marked not so much by ideas that are argued about as by ideas that are taken for granted. The character of an era hangs upon what needs no defense. Power runs with ideas that only the crazy would draw into doubt. The "taken for granted" is the test of sanity... In these times, the hardest task for social or political activists is to find a way to get people to wonder again about what we all believe is true. The challenge is to sow doubt.  --  Lawrence Lessig .
I know nothing except the fact of my ignorance.  --  Socrates .
A study of the history of opinion is a necessary preliminary to the emancipation of the mind.  --  John Maynard Keynes .
Fearing no insult, asking for no crown, receive with indifference both flattery and slander, and do not argue with a fool.  --  Aleksandr Pushkin .
Truth-tellers are not always palatable. There is a preference for candy bars.  --  Gwendolyn Brooks .
I have something to tell you today. Mac OS X has been leading a secret double life — for the past five years.  --  Steve Jobs .
There are always good parts. They may not pay what you want, and they may not have as many days' work as you want, they may not have the billing that you want, they may not have a lot of things, but — the content of the role itself — I find there are many roles.  --  Anne Bancroft .
A novel is balanced between a few true impressions and the multitude of false ones that make up most of what we call life. It tells us that for every human being there is a diversity of existences, that the single existence is itself an illusion in part, that these many existences signify something, tend to something, fulfill something; it promises us meaning, harmony and even justice.  --  Saul Bellow .
The good writing of any age has always been the product of someone's neurosis, and we'd have a mighty dull literature if all the writers that came along were a bunch of happy chuckleheads.  --  William Styron .
I don't want to have lived in vain like most people. I want to be useful or bring enjoyment to people, even those I've never met. I want to go on living even after my death! And that's why I'm grateful to God for having given me this gift, which I can use to develop and to express all that's inside me!  --  Anne Frank .
Talent perceives differences, Genius unity.  --  William Butler Yeats .
At the risk of seeming ridiculous, let me say that the true revolutionary is guided by a great feeling of love. It is impossible to think of a genuine revolutionary lacking this quality... We must strive every day so that this love of living humanity will be transformed into actual deeds, into acts that serve as examples, as a moving force.  --  Che Guevara .
If fate means you to lose, give him a good fight anyhow.  --  William McFee .
I cannot think we are useless or Usen would not have created us. He created all tribes of men and certainly had a righteous purpose in creating each.  --  Geronimo .
I observed, 'Love is the fulfilling of the law, the end of the commandment.' It is not only 'the first and great' command, but all the commandments in one. 'Whatsoever things are just, whatsoever things are pure, if there be any virtue, if there be any praise,' they are all comprised in this one word, love.  --  John Wesley .
In the end, the love you take is equal to the love you make.  --  Paul McCartney .
True eloquence makes light of eloquence, true morality makes light of morality... To make light of philosophy is to be a true philosopher.  --  Blaise Pascal .
I cannot and will not cut my conscience to fit this year's fashions.  --  Lillian Hellman .
Life has no meaning a priori... It is up to you to give it a meaning, and value is nothing but the meaning that you choose.  --  Jean-Paul Sartre .
The sea does not reward those who are too anxious, too greedy, or too impatient... Patience, patience, patience, is what the sea teaches. Patience and faith. One should lie empty, open, choiceless as a beach — waiting for a gift from the sea.  --  Anne Morrow Lindbergh .
Science is a differential equation. Religion is a boundary condition.  --  Alan Turing .
Conservative, n. A statesman enamored of existing evils, as opposed to a Liberal, who wants to replace them with new ones.  --  Ambrose Bierce .
Political language — and with variations this is true of all political parties, from Conservatives to Anarchists — is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable, and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind.  --  George Orwell .
The sons of torture victims make good terrorists.  --  André Malraux .
Some potentates I would kill by any and all means at my disposal. They are Ignorance, Superstition, and Bigotry — the most sinister and tyrannical rulers on earth.  --  Emma Goldman .
Now you see, Lone Starr, that evil will always triumph, because good is dumb.  --  "Dark Helmet" in Spaceballs by Mel Brooks .
Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away.  --  Antoine de Saint-Exupéry .
It followed from the special theory of relativity that mass and energy are both but different manifestations of the same thing — a somewhat unfamilar conception for the average mind. Furthermore, the equation E = mc2, in which energy is put equal to mass, multiplied by the square of the velocity of light, showed that very small amounts of mass may be converted into a very large amount of energy and vice versa.  --  Albert Einstein .
Wisdom is not communicable. The wisdom which a wise man tries to communicate always sounds foolish... Knowledge can be communicated, but not wisdom.  --  Hermann Hesse .
The splendor of life forever lies in wait about each one of us in all its fullness, but veiled from view, deep down, invisible, far off. It is there, though; not hostile, not reluctant, not deaf. If you summon it by the right word, by its right name, it will come.  --  Franz Kafka .
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.  --  The Declaration of Independence of the United States of America .
From time to time the exceptional is necessary. For events as well as for men, the stock company is not enough; geniuses are needed among men, and revolutions among events. Great accidents are the law; the order of things cannot get along without them; and, to see the apparitions of comets, one would be tempted to believe that Heaven itself is in need of star actors.  --  Victor Hugo in Les Misérables .
I have not yet begun to fight!  --  John Paul Jones .
The more you love, the more you can love — and the more intensely you love. Nor is there any limit on how many you can love. If a person had time enough, he could love all of that majority who are decent and just.  --  Robert A. Heinlein .
Anyone entrusted with power will abuse it if not also animated with the love of truth and virtue, no matter whether he be a prince, or one of the people.  --  Jean de La Fontaine .
God never deserted our people. Right through the ages there were Jews. Through the ages they suffered, but it also made us strong.  --  Anne Frank .
All that was great in the past was ridiculed, condemned, combatted, suppressed — only to emerge all the more powerfully, all the more triumphantly from the struggle.  --  Nikola Tesla .
All men profess honesty as long as they can. To believe all men honest would be folly. To believe none so is something worse.  --  John Quincy Adams .
I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody.  --  Bill Cosby .
I know that you personally do not fear giving up your own life in order to take others — that is why you are so dangerous. But I know you fear that you may fail in your long-term objective to destroy our free society and I can show you why you will fail.  --  Ken Livingstone, Mayor of London .
We walk in circles, so limited by our own anxieties that we can no longer distinguish between true and false, between the gangster's whim and the purest ideal.  --  Ingmar Bergman .
Eternal vigilance must be maintained to guard against those who seek to stifle ideas, establish a narrow orthodoxy, and divide our nation along arbitrary lines of race, ethnicity, and religious belief or non-belief.  --  Jesse Ventura .
By the declining day, lo! man is in a state of loss, save those who believe and do good works, and exhort one another to truth and exhort one another to endurance.  --  TheQur'an .
Most of the books, music and movies ever released are not available for sale, anywhere in the world. In the brief time that P2P nets have flourished, the ad-hoc masses of the Internet have managed to put just about everything online. What’s more, they’ve done it far cheaper than any other archiving/revival effort ever.  --  Cory Doctorow .
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.  --  Nelson Mandela .
Anyone who has ever looked into the glazed eyes of a soldier dying on the battlefield will think hard before starting a war.  --  Otto von Bismarck .
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.  --  Neil Armstrong on first stepping onto the surface of the moon, 20th July 1969.  .
We've arranged a civilization in which most crucial elements profoundly depend on science and technology. We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster. We might get away with it for awhile, but sooner or later this combustible mixture of ignorance and power is going to blow up in our faces.  --  Carl Sagan .
Thro' many dangers, toils and snares, I have already come; 'Tis grace has brought me safe thus far, and grace will lead me home.  --  John Newton .
From quiet homes and first beginning, Out to the undiscovered ends, There's nothing worth the wear of winning, But laughter and the love of friends.  --  Hilaire Belloc .
Whenever a theory appears to you as the only possible one, take this as a sign that you have neither understood the theory nor the problem which it was intended to solve.  -- Karl Popper .
All parts should go together without forcing. You must remember that the parts you are reassembling were disassembled by you. Therefore, if you can't get them together again, there must be a reason. By all means, do not use a hammer.  --  IBM maintenance manual (1925) .
When are you people going to learn? It's not about who's right or wrong. No denomination's nailed it yet, and they never will because they're all too self-righteous to realize that it doesn't matter what you have faith in, just that you have faith. Your hearts are in the right place, but your brains need to wake up. I have issues with anyone who treats faith as a burden instead of a blessing. You people don't celebrate your faith; you mourn it.  --  "Serendipity" in Dogma, by Kevin Smith .
When I talk of the purpose of life, I am thinking not only of human life, but of all life on Earth and of the life which must exist upon other planets throughout the universe. It is only of life on Earth, however, that one can speak with any certainty. It seems to me that all life on Earth, the sum total of life upon the Earth, has purpose.  --  Clifford D. Simak .
The Japanese were ready to surrender, and it wasn't necessary to hit them with that awful thing.  --  Dwight D. Eisenhower .
Intelligence is like four-wheel drive. It only allows you to get stuck in more remote places.  --  Garrison Keillor .
It seems that if one is working from the point of view of getting beauty in one's equations, and if one has really a sound insight, one is on a sure line of progress.  --  Paul Dirac .
TCP implementations will follow a general principle of robustness: be conservative in what you do, be liberal in what you accept from others.  --  Jon Postel .
There's a whole industry of conservatives saying, 'Ah, it's those damn liberals,' and a whole group of liberals saying, 'It's all those damn conservatives.'...  --  Peter Jennings .
I do not believe that the tendency is to make men and women brave and glorious when you tell them that there are certain ideas upon certain subjects that they must never express; that they must go through life with a pretence as a shield; that their neighbors will think much more of them if they will only keep still; and that above all is a God who despises one who honestly expresses what he believes.  --  Robert G. Ingersoll .
Once we realize that imperfect understanding is the human condition there is no shame in being wrong, only in failing to correct our mistakes.  --  George Soros .
I think, with never-ending gratitude, that the young women of today do not and can never know at what price their right to free speech and to speak at all in public has been earned.  --  Lucy Stone .
There is a road from the eye to the heart that does not go through the intellect.  --  G. K. Chesterton .
To listen to some devout people, one would imagine that God never laughs.  --  Sri Aurobindo .
All men dream, but not equally. Those who dream by night in the dusty recesses of their minds wake in the day to find that it was vanity: but the dreamers of the day are dangerous men, for they may act their dream with open eyes, to make it possible.  --  T. E. Lawrence .
Be sure that you are right, and then go ahead.  --  Davy Crockett .
It’s a new generation. If you continue to hate, you are entering into the same philosophy that began the war. You have to look forward at people and new times.  --  Roman Polański .
Truth has such a face and such a mien as to be lov'd needs only to be seen.  --  John Dryden .
The Government of the State of Israel and the Palestinian team representing the Palestinian people agree that it is time to put an end to decades of confrontation and conflict, recognize their mutual legitimate and political rights, and strive to live in peaceful coexistence and mutual dignity and security to achieve a just, lasting and comprehensive peace settlement and historic reconciliation through the agreed political process.  --  The Oslo Accords .
I could not be a traitor to Edward, for I was never his subject.  --  William Wallace .
Time is the substance from which I am made. Time is a river which carries me along, but I am the river; it is a tiger that devours me, but I am the tiger; it is a fire that consumes me, but I am the fire.  --  Jorge Luis Borges .
We have met the enemy and he is us.  --  Walt Kelly .
You think that a wall as solid as the earth separates civilization from barbarism. I tell you the division is a thread, a sheet of glass. A touch here, a push there, and you bring back the reign of Saturn.  --  John Buchan .
The superior man, when resting in safety, does not forget that danger may come. When in a state of security he does not forget the possibility of ruin. When all is orderly, he does not forget that disorder may come. Thus his person is not endangered, and his States and all their clans are preserved.  --  Confucius .
I have a dream that one day on the red hills of Georgia the sons of former slaves and the sons of former slave owners will be able to sit down together at the table of brotherhood... I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin but by the content of their character. I have a dream today...  --  Martin Luther King, Jr.  .
I find that the great thing in this world is not so much where we stand as in what direction we are moving: To reach the port of heaven, we must sail sometimes with the wind and sometimes against it — but we must sail, and not drift, nor lie at anchor.  --  Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.  .
No one can conceive the variety of feelings which bore me onwards, like a hurricane, in the first enthusiasm of success. Life and death appeared to me ideal bounds, which I should first break through, and pour a torrent of light into our dark world.  --  Mary Shelley .
Seek goodness everywhere, and when it is found, bring it out of its hiding-place and let it be free and unashamed. Place in matter and in flesh the least of the values, for these are things that hold death and must pass away. Discover in all things that which shines and is beyond corruption. Encourage virtue in whatever heart it may have been driven into secrecy and sorrow by the shame and terror of the world.  --  William Saroyan .
Speak softly and carry a big stick.  --  Theodore Roosevelt .
I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.  --  Frederick Douglass .
I think television has betrayed the meaning of democratic speech, adding visual chaos to the confusion of voices. What role does silence have in all this noise?  --  Federico Fellini .
The role of the Supreme Court is to uphold those claims of individual liberty that it finds are well-founded in the Constitution, and to reject other claims against the government that it concludes are not well-founded. Its role is no more to exclusively uphold the claims of the individual than it is to exclusively uphold the claims of the government: It must hold the constitutional balance true between these claims.  --  William Rehnquist .
No one is fanatically shouting that the sun is going to rise tomorrow. They know it's going to rise tomorrow. When people are fanatically dedicated to political or religious faiths or any other kinds of dogmas or goals, it's always because these dogmas or goals are in doubt.  --  Robert M. Pirsig .
I am patient with stupidity but not with those who are proud of it.  --  Edith Sitwell .
Freedom of choice is more to be treasured than any possession earth can give.  --  David O. McKay .
Love is life. All, everything that I understand, I understand only because I love.  --  Leo Tolstoy .
I strongly reject any conceptual scheme that places our options on a line, and holds that the only alternative to a pair of extreme positions lies somewhere between them. More fruitful perspectives often require that we step off the line to a site outside the dichotomy.  --  Stephen Jay Gould .
September 11 was, and remains, above all an immense human tragedy. But September 11 also posed a momentous and deliberate challenge not just to America but to the world at large. The target of the terrorists was not only New York and Washington but the very values of freedom, tolerance and decency which underpin our way of life.  --  Tony Blair .
The world always makes the assumption that the exposure of an error is identical with the discovery of the truth — that error and truth are simply opposite. They are nothing of the sort. What the world turns to, when it has been cured of one error, is usually simply another error, and maybe one worse than the first one.  --  H. L. Mencken .
Miss Manners does not mind explaining the finer points of gracious living, but she feels that anyone without the sense to pick up a potato chip and stuff it in their face should probably not be running around loose on the streets.  --  Judith Martin, widely known as "Miss Manners" .
I've had enough of breakdowns and diagrams — judging from picture books, apparently Heaven is a partly cloudy place.  --  Jenny Lewis .
Crime is terribly revealing. Try and vary your methods as you will, your tastes, your habits, your attitude of mind, and your soul is revealed by your actions.  --  Agatha Christie .
A planned life is a dead life.  --  Lauren Bacall .
I've never seen anybody really find the answer — they think they have, so they stop thinking. But the job is to seek mystery, evoke mystery, plant a garden in which strange plants grow and mysteries bloom. The need for mystery is greater than the need for an answer.  --  Ken Kesey .
Pleasure is very seldom found where it is sought; our brightest blazes of gladness are commonly kindled by unexpected sparks.  --  Samuel Johnson .
There comes a point when a dream becomes reality and reality becomes a dream.  --  Frances Farmer .
There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of the people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will have truly defeated age.  --  Sophia Loren .
Hope is a good thing — maybe the best of things. And no good thing ever dies.  --  "Andy Dufresne" in The Shawshank Redemption by Stephen King .
Delicious autumn! My very soul is wedded to it, and if I were a bird I would fly about the earth seeking the successive autumns.  --  George Eliot .
Between grief and nothing I will take grief.  --  William Faulkner .
Your task is not to seek for love, but merely to seek and find all the barriers within yourself that you have built against it.  --  Helen Schucman .
There is a fifth dimension beyond that which is known to man. It is a dimension as vast as space and as timeless as infinity. It is the middle ground between light and shadow, between science and superstition, and it lies between the pit of man's fears and the summit of his knowledge. This is the dimension of imagination. It is an area which we call the Twilight Zone3 fil.  --  Rod Serling in The Twilight Zone .
Everyone seems to be playing well within the boundaries of his usual rule set. I have yet to hear anyone say something that seemed likely to mitigate the idiocy of this age.  -- John Perry Barlow .
If we do discover a complete theory, it should in time be understandable in broad principle by everyone, not just a few scientists. Then we shall all, philosophers, scientists, and just ordinary people, be able to take part in the discussion of the question of why it is that we and the universe exist. If we find the answer to that, it would be the ultimate triumph of human reason — for then we would know the mind of God.  --  Stephen Hawking .
Politicians at international forums may reiterate a thousand times that the basis of the new world order must be universal respect for human rights, but it will mean nothing as long as this imperative does not derive from the respect of the miracle of Being, the miracle of the universe, the miracle of nature, the miracle of our own existence.  --  Václav Havel .
Much that was called religion has carried an unconscious attitude of hostility toward life. True religion must teach that life is filled with joys pleasing to the eye of God, that knowledge without action is empty. All men must see that the teaching of religion by rules and rote is largely a hoax. The proper teaching is recognized with ease. You can know it without fail because it awakens within you that sensation which tells you this is something you've always known.  --  Frank Herbert in Dune .
I think the ultimate sense of security will be when we come to recognize that we are all part of one human race. Our primary allegiance is to the human race and not to one particular color or border.  --  Mohamed ElBaradei .
The truth is that there is only one terminal dignity — love. And the story of a love is not important — what is important is that one is capable of love. It is perhaps the only glimpse we are permitted of eternity.  --  Helen Hayes .
You always fall when you’re training, that’s sort of part of the process. If you’re not falling, you’re not training hard enough.  --  Michelle Trachtenberg .
Tragedy blows through your life like a tornado, uprooting everything, creating chaos. You wait for the dust to settle, and then you choose. You can live in the wreckage and pretend it's still the mansion you remember. Or you can crawl from the rubble and slowly rebuild.  --  Kristen Bell, as "Veronica Mars" .
Forgive us the breach of positive commands and negative commands, whether or not they involve an act, whether or not they are known to us.  --  Liturgy for Yom Kippur .
love is the every only god  --  e. e. cummings .
Behold the believers of all beliefs! Whom do they hate most? Him who breaketh up their tables of values, the breaker, the law-breaker — he, however, is the creator. Companions, the creator seeketh, not corpses — and not herds or believers either. Fellow-creators the creator seeketh — those who grave new values on new tables.  -- Friedrich Nietzsche .
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.  --  Oscar Wilde .
Live as one of them, Kal-El, to discover where your strength and your power are needed. Always hold in your heart the pride of your special heritage. They can be a great people, Kal-El — they wish to be. They only lack the light to show the way.  --  Marlon Brando as "Jor-El" in Superman: The Movie .
We take the position that there is no place for the state in the bedrooms of the nation.  --  Pierre Trudeau .
Traditionalists are pessimists about the future and optimists about the past.  --  Lewis Mumford .
I think for it to be unhip to be idealistic is weird, you know? I mean, even all the best rebels to me had some sense of hope in them.  --  Tom Petty .
Genius is one per cent inspiration, ninety-nine per cent perspiration.  --  Thomas Alva Edison .
I am 100 percent in favor of the intelligent use of drugs, and 1,000 percent against the thoughtless use of them, whether caffeine or LSD. And drugs are not central to my life.  --  Timothy Leary .
Reality is always greater — much greater — than what we know, than whatever we can say about it.  --  Michael Crichton .
The world is a comedy to those that think, a tragedy to those who feel.  --  Horace Walpole .
Few men during their lifetime come anywhere near exhausting the resources dwelling within them. There are deep wells of strength that are never used.  --  Richard E. Byrd .
I know that it will hurt, I know that it will break your heart, the way things are, and the way they've been. Don't spread the discontent, don't spread the lies, don't make the same mistakes with your own life.  --  Natalie Merchant .
It is not the critic who counts, not the man who points out how the strong man stumbled, or where the doer of deeds could have done better. The credit belongs to the man who is actually in the arena; whose face is marred by the dust and sweat and blood; who strives valiantly; who errs and comes short again and again; who knows the great enthusiasms, the great devotions and spends himself in a worthy cause; who at the best, knows in the end the triumph of high achievement, and who, at worst, if he fails, at least fails while daring greatly; so that his place shall never be with those cold and timid souls who know neither victory or defeat.  --  Theodore Roosevelt .
Life is an error-making and an error-correcting process, and nature in marking man's papers will grade him for wisdom as measured both by survival and by the quality of life of those who survive.  --  Jonas Salk .
All those who listen to me shall pass on my words to others and those to others again; and may the last ones understand my words better than those who listen to me directly.  --  Muhammad .
There is danger from all men. The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty.  --  John Adams .
I feel for all faiths the warm sympathy of one who has come to learn that even the trust in reason is a precarious faith, and that we are all fragments of darkness groping for the sun.  --  Will Durant .
An eye for an eye will only make the whole world blind.  --  Mohandas Gandhi .
If you wish to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe.  --  Carl Sagan .
We are always living in the final days. What have you got? A hundred years or much, much less until the end of your world.  --  Neil Gaiman .
Wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. It is the spirit of the men who follow and of the man who leads that gains that victory.  --  George S. Patton .
Every age hath its own problem, and every soul its particular aspiration. The remedy the world needeth in its present-day afflictions can never be the same as that which a subsequent age may require. Be anxiously concerned with the needs of the age ye live in, and centre your deliberations on its exigencies and requirements.  --  Bahá'u'lláh .
Once for all, then, a short precept is given thee: Love, and do what thou wilt: whether thou hold thy peace, through love hold thy peace; whether thou cry out, through love cry out; whether thou correct, through love correct; whether thou spare, through love do thou spare: let the root of love be within, of this root can nothing spring but what is good.  -- Augustine of Hippo .
The ambition of the greatest men of our generation has been to wipe every tear from every eye. That may be beyond us, but so long as there are tears and suffering, so long our work will not be over.  --  Jawaharlal Nehru .
It seems to me that any sensible person must see that violence does not change the world and if it does, then only temporarily.  --  Martin Scorsese .
We’re all puppets, Laurie. I’m just a puppet who can see the strings.  --  Alan Moore in Watchmen .
In a larger sense, we can not dedicate — we can not consecrate — we can not hallow — this ground. The brave men, living and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it, far above our poor power to add or detract. The world will little note, nor long remember what we say here, but it can never forget what they did here. It is for us the living, rather, to be dedicated here to the unfinished work which they who fought here have thus far so nobly advanced.  --  Abraham Lincoln .
The truth isn't always beauty, but the hunger for it is.  --  Nadine Gordimer .
We must believe in free will — we have no choice.  --  Isaac Bashevis Singer .
O may I join the choir invisible of those immortal dead who live again in minds made better by their presence; live in pulses stirred to generosity, in deeds of daring rectitude, in scorn for miserable aims that end with self, in thoughts sublime that pierce the night like stars, and with their mild persistence urge men's search to vaster issues.  --  George Eliot .
As good almost kill a man as kill a good book. Who kills a man kills a reasonable creature, God's image; but he who destroys a good book, kills reason itself, kills the image of God, as it were in the eye.  --  John Milton in Areopagitica .
There is grandeur in this view of life, with its several powers, having been originally breathed by the Creator into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning endless forms most beautiful and most wonderful have been, and are being, evolved.  --  Charles Darwin .
Only by not forgetting the past can we be the master of the future.  --  Ba Jin .
If I were to be given the opportunity to present a gift to the next generation, it would be the ability for each individual to learn to laugh at himself.  --  Charles M. Schulz .
Put every great teacher together in a room, and they'd agree about everything; put their disciples in there and they'd argue about everything.  --  Bruce Lee .
A fool sees not the same tree that a wise man sees.  --  William Blake .
Of all tyrannies, a tyranny sincerely exercised for the good of its victims may be the most oppressive. It would be better to live under robber barons than under omnipotent moral busybodies. The robber baron's cruelty may sometimes sleep, his cupidity may at some point be satiated; but those who torment us for our own good will torment us without end for they do so with the approval of their own conscience.  --  C.S. Lewis .
Hello. My name is Iñigo Montoya. You killed my father. Prepare to die.  --  Mandy Patinkin as "Iñigo Montoya" in The Princess Bride .
I do not believe that friendship today can flower out — can come out — of political life. I do believe that if there is something like a political life-to-be — to remain for us, in this world of technology — then it begins with friendship.  --  Ivan Illich .
All idealisation makes life poorer. To beautify it is to take away its character of complexity — it is to destroy it.  --  Joseph Conrad .
Make your ego porous. Will is of little importance, complaining is nothing, fame is nothing. Openness, patience, receptivity, solitude is everything.  --  Rainer Maria Rilke .
If you can dream it, you can do it. Always remember that this whole thing was started with a dream and a mouse.  --  Walt Disney .
It is better to ask some of the questions than to know all the answers.  --  James Thurber .
We take men for what they are worth — and that is why we hate the government of man by man, and that we work with all our might — perhaps not strong enough — to put an end to it.  --  Peter Kropotkin .
I had some great things and I had some bad things. The best and the worst... In other words, I had a life.  --  Richard Pryor .
Trouble arises when either science or religion claims universal jurisdiction, when either religious dogma or scientific dogma claims to be infallible. Religious creationists and scientific materialists are equally dogmatic and insensitive. By their arrogance they bring both science and religion into disrepute.  --  Freeman Dyson .
Fear can make you do more wrong than hate or jealousy. If you're afraid you don't commit yourself to life completely; fear makes you always, always hold something back.  -- Philip K. Dick .
I will live in the Past, the Present, and the Future. The Spirits of all Three shall strive within me. I will not shut out the lessons that they teach.  --  Charles Dickens .
It is better to die for an idea that will live, than to live for an idea that will die.  --  Steve Biko .
The tyrant grinds down his slaves and they don't turn against him, they crush those beneath them.  --  Emily Brontë .
For most of human history we have searched for our place in the cosmos. Who are we? What are we? We find that we inhabit an insignificant planet of a hum-drum star lost in a galaxy tucked away in some forgotten corner of a universe in which there are far more galaxies than people. We make our world significant by the courage of our questions, and by the depth of our answers.  --  Carl Sagan .
I don't measure a man's success by how high he climbs but how high he bounces when he hits bottom.  --  George S. Patton .
My own experience and development deepen every day my conviction that our moral progress may be measured by the degree in which we sympathize with individual suffering and individual joy.  --  George Eliot .
Many Christmases ago, I went to buy a doll for my son. I reached for the last one they had, but so did another man. As I rained blows upon him, I realized there had to be another way . . . out of that a new holiday was born . . . a Festivus for the rest of us!  --  Jerry Stiller as "Frank Costanza" in Seinfeld, on the origins of Festivus.  .
It is not the facts which guide the conduct of men, but their opinions about facts; which may be entirely wrong. We can only make them right by discussion.  --  Norman Angell .
Except for the people who were there that one day they discovered the polio vaccine, being part of history is rarely a good idea. History is one war after another with a bunch of murders and natural disasters in between.  --  Sarah Vowell .
No nation is fit to sit in judgement upon any other nation.  --  Woodrow Wilson .
If I am shot at, I want no man to be in the way of the bullet.  --  Andrew Johnson .
How often people speak of art and science as though they were two entirely different things, with no interconnection...That is all wrong. The true artist is quite rational as well as imaginative and knows what he is doing; if he does not, his art suffers. The true scientist is quite imaginative as well as rational, and sometimes leaps to solutions where reason can follow only slowly; if he does not, his science suffers.  --  Isaac Asimov .
Not to know what happened before you were born is to be a child forever. For what is the time of a man, except it be interwoven with that memory of ancient things of a superior age?  --  Cicero .
I do not know what I may appear to the world, but to myself I seem to have been only like a boy playing on the sea-shore, and diverting myself in now and then finding a smoother pebble or a prettier shell than ordinary, whilst the great ocean of truth lay all undiscovered before me.  --  Isaac Newton .
Evil spreads with the wind; truth is capable of spreading even against it.  --  Paramahansa Yogananda .
In the future days which we seek to make secure, we look forward to a world founded upon four essential human freedoms. The first is freedom of speech and expression — everywhere in the world. The second is freedom of every person to worship God in his own way — everywhere in the world. The third is freedom from want... everywhere in the world. The fourth is freedom from fear... anywhere in the world. That is no vision of a distant millennium. It is a definite basis for a kind of world attainable in our own time and generation.  --  Franklin Delano Roosevelt .
There is no first world and third world. There is only one world, for all of us to live and delight in.  --  Gerald Durrell .
For millions of years mankind lived just like the animals. Then something happened which unleashed the power of our imagination. We learned to talk.  --  Stephen Hawking .
Life will not perish! It will begin anew with love; it will start out naked and tiny; it will take root in the wilderness, and to it all that we did and built will mean nothing — our towns and factories, our art, our ideas will all mean nothing, and yet life will not perish! Only we have perished. Our houses and machines will be in ruins, our systems will collapse, and the names of our great will fall away like dry leaves. Only you, love, will blossom on this rubbish heap and commit the seed of life to the winds.  --  Karel Čapek .
Magnanimity in politics is not seldom the truest wisdom; and a great empire and little minds go ill together.  --  Edmund Burke .
I have but one passion: to enlighten those who have been kept in the dark, in the name of humanity which has suffered so much and is entitled to happiness. My fiery protest is simply the cry of my very soul.  --  Émile Zola .
Not one of us knows what effect his life produces, and what he gives to others; that is hidden from us and must remain so, though we are often allowed to see some little fraction of it, so that we may not lose courage.  --  Albert Schweitzer .
Imagine a world in which every single person on the planet is given free access to the sum of all human knowledge. That's what we're doing.  --  Jimmy Wales .
What is needed is a realization that power without love is reckless and abusive, and love without power is sentimental and anemic. Power at its best is love implementing the demands of justice, and justice at its best is power correcting everything that stands against love... I know that love is ultimately the only answer to mankind's problems. And I'm going to talk about it everywhere I go.  --  Martin Luther King, Jr.  .
Human felicity is produc'd not so much by great pieces of good fortune that seldom happen, as by little advantages that occur every day.  --  Benjamin Franklin .
There is absolutely nothing that can be taken for granted in this world.  --  Robert Anton Wilson .
They who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.  --  Edgar Allan Poe .
I don't understand politics. I don't understand the concept of two sides. And I think that probably there's good on both sides, bad on both sides, and there's a middle ground. But it never seems to come to the middle ground. And it's very frustrating watching it, and seemingly we're not moving forward.  --  David Lynch .
So far as prejudice, or prepossession of opinion prevails over our minds, in the same proportion, reason is excluded from our theory or practice. Therefore if we would acquire useful knowledge, we must first divest ourselves of those impediments and sincerely endeavor to search out the truth: and draw our conclusions from reason and just argument, which will never conform to our inclination, interest or fancy but we must conform to that if we would judge rightly.  --  Ethan Allen .
Civilized men are more discourteous than savages because they know they can be impolite without having their skulls split, as a general thing.  --  Robert E. Howard .
To minimize suffering and to maximize security were natural and proper ends of society and Caesar. But then they became the only ends, somehow, and the only basis of law — a perversion. Inevitably, then, in seeking only them, we found only their opposites: maximum suffering and minimum security.  --  Walter M. Miller, Jr.  .
I know war as few other men now living know it, and nothing to me is more revolting. I have long advocated its complete abolition, as its very destructiveness on both friend and foe has rendered it useless as a means of settling international disputes... But once war is forced upon us, there is no other alternative than to apply every available means to bring it to a swift end.  --  Douglas MacArthur .
If you drink much from a bottle marked 'poison' it is almost certain to disagree with you, sooner or later.  --  Lewis Carroll .
Sit down and put down everything that comes into your head and then you're a writer. But an author is one who can judge his own stuff's worth, without pity, and destroy most of it.  --  Colette .
Dogs are our link to paradise. They don't know evil or jealousy or discontent. To sit with a dog on a hillside on a glorious afternoon is to be back in Eden, where doing nothing was not boring — it was peace.  --  Milan Kundera .
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself — nameless, unreasoning, unjustified terror which paralyzes needed efforts to convert retreat into advance.  --  Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Everyone does magic all the time in different ways. 'Life' plus 'significance' = magic.  --  Grant Morrison .
An age is called Dark not because the light fails to shine, but because people refuse to see it.  --  James A. Michener .
If one took no chances, one would not fly at all. Safety lies in the judgment of the chances one takes. That judgment, in turn, must rest upon one’s outlook on life. Any coward can sit in his home and criticize a pilot for flying into a mountain in fog. But I would rather, by far, die on a mountainside than in bed.  --  Charles Lindbergh .
What counts now is not just what we are against, but what we are for. Who leads us is less important than what leads us — what convictions, what courage, what faith — win or lose.  --  Adlai Stevenson .
He judged it not fit to determine anything rashly; and seemed to doubt whether those different forms of religion might not all come from God, who might inspire man in a different manner, and be pleased with this variety; he therefore thought it indecent and foolish for any man to threaten and terrify another to make him believe what did not appear to him to be true.  --  Thomas More .
There are, indeed, two forms of discontent: one laborious, the other indolent and complaining. We respect the man of laborious desire, but let us not suppose that his restlessness is peace, or his ambition meekness. It is because of the special connection of meekness with contentment that it is promised that the meek shall 'inherit the earth.' Neither covetous men, nor the grave, can inherit anything; they can but consume. Only contentment can possess.  --  John Ruskin .
Does it really matter what these affectionate people do — so long as they don’t do it in the streets and frighten the horses?  --  Mrs Patrick Campbell .
What for centuries raised man above the beast is not the cudgel but the irresistible power of unarmed truth.  --  Boris Pasternak .
When writing about transcendental issues, be transcendentally clear.  --  René Descartes .
Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith, let us, to the end, dare to do our duty as we understand it.  --  Abraham Lincoln .
Life is what it is, and you take what's handed, and you work as hard as you can, and hopefully you'll be successful, but I just don't spend too much time worrying about that.  -- Jerry Springer .
Some things you don't need until they leave you; they're the things that you miss.  --  Rob Thomas .
I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forego their use.  --  Galileo Galilei .
Politics, as a practice, whatever its professions, has always been the systematic organization of hatreds.  --  Henry Adams .
Some people want it to happen, some wish it would happen, others make it happen.  --  Michael Jordan .
At some point in life the world's beauty becomes enough. You don't need to photograph, paint or even remember it. It is enough. No record of it needs to be kept and you don't need someone to share it with or tell it to. When that happens — that letting go — you let go because you can.  --  Toni Morrison .
External success has to do with people who may see me as a model, or an example, or a representative. As much as I may dislike or want to reject that responsibility, this is something that comes with public success. It's important to give others a sense of hope that it is possible and you can come from really different places in the world and find your own place in the world that's unique for yourself.  --  Amy Tan .
When others asked the truth of me, I was convinced it was not the truth they wanted, but an illusion they could bear to live with.  --  Anaïs Nin .
I hold the maxim no less applicable to public than to private affairs, that honesty is always the best policy.  --  George Washington .
Man is always something more than what he knows of himself. He is not what he is simply once and for all, but is a process...  --  Karl Jaspers .
Our armament must be adequate to the needs, but our faith is not primarily in these machines of defense but in ourselves.  --  Chester Nimitz .
That so many writers have been prepared to accept a kind of martyrdom is the best tribute that flesh can pay to the living spirit of man as expressed in his literature. One cannot doubt that the martyrdom will continue to be gladly embraced. To some of us, the wresting of beauty out of language is the only thing in the world that matters.  -- Anthony Burgess .
Sure, ninety percent of science fiction is crud. That's because ninety percent of everything is crud.  --  Theodore Sturgeon .
In mathematics the art of asking questions is more valuable than solving problems.  --  Georg Cantor .
Give thought to life and liberty.  --  Cyrano de Bergerac .
Some choices will choose you. How you face these choices, these turns in the road, with what kind of attitude, more than the choices themselves, is what will define the context of your life.  --  Dana Reeve .
All that separates, whether of race, class, creed, or sex, is inhuman, and must be overcome.  --  Kate Sheppard .
Let us think the unthinkable, let us do the undoable, let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all.  --  Douglas Adams .
Good writers define reality; bad ones merely restate it. A good writer turns fact into truth; a bad writer will, more often than not, accomplish the opposite.  --  Edward Albee .
Don't play for safety. It's the most dangerous thing in the world.  --  Hugh Walpole .
Imagination is more important than knowledge. For knowledge is limited, whereas imagination embraces the entire world, stimulating progress, giving birth to evolution.  -- Albert Einstein .
Fortune, which has a great deal of power in other matters but especially in war, can bring about great changes in a situation through very slight forces.  --  Julius Caesar .
Down these mean streets a man must go who is not himself mean, who is neither tarnished nor afraid. The detective must be a complete man and a common man and yet an unusual man. He must be, to use a rather weathered phrase, a man of honor. He talks as the man of his age talks, that is, with rude wit, a lively sense of the grotesque, a disgust for sham, and a contempt for pettiness.  --  Raymond Chandler .
Beneath this mask there is more than flesh. There is an idea, Mr. Creedy, and ideas are bulletproof.  --  "V" in V for Vendetta .
The very essence of a free government consists in considering offices as public trusts, bestowed for the good of the country, and not for the benefit of an individual or a party.  --  John C. Calhoun .
The poet is a liar who always speaks the truth.  --  Jean Cocteau .
As I understand it, laws, commands, rules and edicts are for those who have not the light which makes plain the pathway.  --  Anne Hutchinson .
Is life so dear or peace so sweet as to be purchased at the price of chains and slavery? Forbid it, Almighty God! I know not what course others may take; but as for me, give me liberty or give me death!  --  Patrick Henry .
With the arrogance of youth, I determined to do no less than to transform the world with Beauty. If I have succeeded in some small way, if only in one small corner of the world, amongst the men and women I love, then I shall count myself blessed, and blessed, and blessed, and the work goes on.  --  William Morris .
A wiki works best where you're trying to answer a question that you can't easily pose, where there's not a natural structure that's known in advance to what you need to know.  --  Ward Cunningham .
I'd like just to be remembered as a guy that came along and did his music, did his best and showed up on time, clean and ready to do the job, wrote a few songs, and had a hell of a time.  --  Buck Owens .
Good books tell the truth, even when they're about things that never have been and never will be. They're truthful in a different way.  --  Stanisław Lem .
Nothing can be surprising any more or impossible or miraculous, now that Zeus, father of the Olympians has made night out of noonday, hiding the bright sunlight, and . . . fear has come upon mankind. After this, men can believe anything, expect anything.  --  Archilochus .
When we are really honest with ourselves we must admit that our lives are all that really belong to us. So, it is how we use our lives that determines what kind of men we are. It is my deepest belief that only by giving our lives do we find life.  --  Cesar Chavez .
Whether it is happy or unhappy, a man's life is the only treasure he can ever possess.  --  Giacomo Casanova .
There is a certain relief in change, even though it be from bad to worse; as I have found in travelling in a stage-coach, that it is often a comfort to shift one’s position and be bruised in a new place.  --  Washington Irving .
There must be a beginning of any great matter, but the continuing unto the end until it be thoroughly finished yields the true glory.  --  Sir Francis Drake .
Do not that to another, which thou wouldest not have done to thy selfe.  --  Thomas Hobbes .
Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent.  --  Isaac Asimov .
I'm sure we all agree that we ought to love one another, and I know there are people in the world who do not love their fellow human beings — and I hate people like that!  -- Tom Lehrer .
Any relations in a social order will endure if there is infused into them some of that spirit of human sympathy, which qualifies life for immortality.  --  George William Russell .
A writer writes not because he is educated but because he is driven by the need to communicate. Behind the need to communicate is the need to share. Behind the need to share is the need to be understood. The writer wants to be understood much more than he wants to be respected or praised or even loved. And that perhaps, is what makes him different from others.  --  Leo Rosten .
Man is a creature of hope and invention, both of which belie the idea that things cannot be changed.  --  Tom Clancy .
I would rather be exposed to the inconveniences attending too much liberty than to those attending too small a degree of it.  --  Thomas Jefferson .
Unto whomsoever much is given, of him shall be much required: and to whom men have committed much, of him they will ask the more.  --  Yeshua (Jesus Christ) .
Although to penetrate into the intimate mysteries of nature and thence to learn the true causes of phenomena is not allowed to us, nevertheless it can happen that a certain fictive hypothesis may suffice for explaining many phenomena.  --  Leonhard Euler .
The kingdom of God cometh not with observation: Neither shall they say, Lo here! or, lo there! for, behold, the kingdom of God is within you.  --  Yeshua (Jesus Christ) .
Where the storyteller is loyal, eternally and unswervingly loyal to the story, there, in the end, silence will speak. Where the story has been betrayed, silence is but emptiness. But we, the faithful, when we have spoken our last word, will hear the voice of silence.  --  Karen Blixen .
I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure — that is all that agnosticism means.  --  Clarence Darrow .
This grand show is eternal. It is always sunrise somewhere; the dew is never all dried at once; a shower is forever falling; vapor ever rising. Eternal sunrise, eternal sunset, eternal dawn and gloaming, on seas and continents and islands, each in its turn, as the round earth rolls.  --  John Muir .
I know more than I can express in words, and the little I can express would not have been expressed, had I not known more.  --  Vladimir Nabokov .
The fool doth think he is wise, but the wise man knows himself to be a fool.  --  William Shakespeare in As You Like It .
The end of man is knowledge but there's one thing he can't know. He can't know whether knowledge will save him or kill him. He will be killed, all right, but he can't know whether he is killed because of the knowledge which he has got or because of the knowledge which he hasn't got and which if he had it would save him.  --  Robert Penn Warren .
The speed of communications is wondrous to behold. It is also true that speed can multiply the distribution of information that we know to be untrue.  --  Edward R. Murrow .
Search men's governing principles, and consider the wise, what they shun and what they cleave to.  --  Marcus Aurelius .
The winds and waves are always on the side of the ablest navigators.  --  Edward Gibbon .
War: first, one hopes to win; then one expects the enemy to lose; then, one is satisfied that he too is suffering; in the end, one is surprised that everyone has lost.  --  Karl Kraus .
Despite the best that has been done by everyone — the gallant fighting of the military and naval forces, the diligence and assiduity of Our servants of the State, and the devoted service of Our one hundred million people — the war situation has developed not necessarily to Japan's advantage, while the general trends of the world have all turned against her interest.  --  Hirohito .
You know that I write slowly. This is chiefly because I am never satisfied until I have said as much as possible in a few words, and writing briefly takes far more time than writing at length.  --  Carl Friedrich Gauss .
We are near waking when we dream that we dream.  --  Novalis .
Education is what you get when you read the fine print; experience is what you get when you don't.  --  Pete Seeger .
Sit down before fact as a little child, be prepared to give up every preconceived notion, follow humbly wherever and to whatever abysses nature leads, or you shall learn nothing. I have only begun to learn content and peace of mind since I have resolved at all risks to do this.  --  T. H. Huxley .
Once you label me you negate me.  --  Søren Kierkegaard .
Thinking is an experimental dealing with small quantities of energy, just as a general moves miniature figures over a map before setting his troops in action.  --  Sigmund Freud .
The meaning of the living words that come out of the experiences of great hearts can never be exhausted by any one system of logical interpretation. They have to be endlessly explained by the commentaries of individual lives, and they gain an added mystery in each new revelation.  --  Rabindranath Tagore .
While in the physical sciences the investigator will be able to measure what, on the basis of a prima facie theory, he thinks important, in the social sciences often that is treated as important which happens to be accessible to measurement. This is sometimes carried to the point where it is demanded that our theories must be formulated in such terms that they refer only to measurable magnitudes.  --  Friedrich Hayek .
The time for the healing of the wounds has come. The moment to bridge the chasms that divide us has come. The time to build is upon us.  --  Nelson Mandela .
The Truth lies not in the Yes and not in the No, but in the knowledge and the beginning from which the Yes and the No arise.  --  Karl Barth .
Positive vibrations man. That's what makes it work. That's reggae music. You can't look away because it's real. You listen to what I sing because I mean what I sing, there's no secret, no big deal. Just honesty, that's all.  --  Bob Marley .
Duty, Honor, Country — those three hallowed words reverently dictate what you ought to be, what you can be, what you will be. They are your rallying point to build courage when courage seems to fail, to regain faith when there seems to be little cause for faith, to create hope when hope becomes forlorn.  --  Douglas MacArthur .
Fire' does not matter, 'earth' and 'air' and 'water' do not matter. 'I' do not matter. No word matters. But man forgets reality and remembers words.  --  Roger Zelazny in Lord of Light .
It is confidently expected that the period is at hand, when man, through ignorance, shall not much longer inflict unnecessary misery on man; because the mass of mankind will become enlightened, and will clearly discern that by so acting they will inevitably create misery to themselves.  --  Robert Owen .
The voice of the individual artist may seem perhaps of no more consequence than the whirring of a cricket in the grass, but the arts do live continuously, and they live literally by faith; their names and their shapes and their uses and their basic meanings survive unchanged in all that matters through times of interruption, diminishment, neglect; they outlive governments and creeds and the societies, even the very civilization that produced them. They cannot be destroyed altogether because they represent the substance of faith and the only reality. They are what we find again when the ruins are cleared away.  --  Katherine Anne Porter .
I like quoting Einstein. Know why? Because nobody dares contradict you.  --  Studs Terkel .
There is no formula to it because writing every song, for me, is a little journey... It's everything. It's the walk you take in the morning, it's the night before, the meeting with people, landscapes, the chats, all of that evolves in some way into melody, but I'm not sure how it's going to happen. I'm dealing with the unknown all the time and that is exciting.  --  Enya .
Love is like some fresh spring, first a stream and then a river, changing its aspect and its nature as it flows to plunge itself in some boundless ocean, where restricted natures only find monotony, but where great souls are engulfed in endless contemplation.  --  Honoré de Balzac .
A man should never be ashamed to own he has been in the wrong, which is but saying, in other words, that he is wiser today than he was yesterday.  --  Alexander Pope
Every failure is a step to success.  --  William Whewell
Don't start an argument with somebody who has a microphone when you don't. They'll make you look like chopped liver.  --  Harlan Ellison
What I do know for certain is that what is regarded as success in a rational materialistic society only impresses superficial minds. It amounts to nothing and will not help us rout the destructive forces threatening us today. What may be our salvation is the discovery of the identity hidden deep in any one of us, and which may be found in even the most desperate individual, if he cares to search the spiritual womb which contains the embryo of what can be one's personal contribution to truth and life.  --  Patrick White .
It is idle to talk always of the alternative of reason and faith. Reason is itself a matter of faith. It is an act of faith to assert that our thoughts have any relation to reality at all.  -- G. K. Chesterton .
I bow before the authority of special men because it is imposed on me by my own reason. I am conscious of my own inability to grasp, in all its detail, and positive development, any very large portion of human knowledge. The greatest intelligence would not be equal to a comprehension of the whole... I receive and I give — such is human life. Each directs and is directed in his turn. Therefore there is no fixed and constant authority, but a continual exchange of mutual, temporary, and, above all, voluntary authority and subordination.  --  Mikhail Bakunin .
A lover without indiscretion is no lover at all. Circumspection and devotion are a contradiction in terms.  --  Thomas Hardy .
It's a bumper sticker culture. People have to get it like that, and if they don't, if it takes three seconds to make them understand, you're off their radar screen. Three seconds to understand, or you lose. This is our problem.  --  Lawrence Lessig .
Nations, like stars, are entitled to eclipse. All is well, provided the light returns and the eclipse does not become endless night. Dawn and resurrection are synonymous. The reappearance of the light is the same as the survival of the soul.  --  Victor Hugo in Les Misérables .
Nature has mysterious infinities and imaginative power. It is always varying the productions it offers to us. The artist himself is one of nature's means.  --  Paul Gauguin .
The present is the ever moving shadow that divides yesterday from tomorrow. In that lies hope.  --  Frank Lloyd Wright .
It is difficult to know yourself if you do not know others. To all Ways there are side-tracks. If you study a Way daily, and your spirit diverges, you may think you are obeying a good way, but objectively it is not the true Way. If you are following the true Way and diverge a little, this will later become a large divergence. You must realise this.  -- Miyamoto Musashi .
The longest day must have its close — the gloomiest night will wear on to a morning. An eternal, inexorable lapse of moments is ever hurrying the day of the evil to an eternal night, and the night of the just to an eternal day.  --  Harriet Beecher Stowe .
Responsibility's like a string we can only see the middle of. Both ends are out of sight.  --  William McFee .
If we could first know where we are, and whither we are tending, we could then better judge what to do, and how to do it.  --  Abraham Lincoln .
Some would say that it is too idealistic to believe in a society based on tolerance and the sanctity of human life, where borders, nationalities and ideologies are of marginal importance. To those I say, this is not idealism, but rather realism, because history has taught us that war rarely resolves our differences. Force does not heal old wounds; it opens new ones.  --  Mohamed ElBaradei .
We wanted to bring some love to the world. I thought we were good at doing that. Bringin' love to the world.  --  Brian Wilson .
Liberty, as it is conceived by current opinion, has nothing inherent about it; it is a sort of gift or trust bestowed on the individual by the state pending good behavior.  --  Mary McCarthy .
The intellectual is constantly betrayed by his vanity. Godlike he blandly assumes that he can express everything in words; whereas the things one loves, lives, and dies for are not, in the last analysis completely expressible in words.  --  Anne Morrow Lindbergh .
We thought: we're poor, we have nothing, but when we started losing one after the other so each day became remembrance day, we started composing poems about God's great generosity and — our former riches.  --  Anna Akhmatova .
There is nothing better or more necessary than love.  --  John of the Cross .
The nationalist not only does not disapprove of atrocities committed by his own side, but he has a remarkable capacity for not even hearing about them.  --  George Orwell .
For the future, let all people live in harmony ... Men should be taught and won over by reason, not by blows, insults, and corporal punishments.  --  Julian .
The highest result of education is tolerance. Long ago men fought and died for their faith; but it took ages to teach them the other kind of courage, — the courage to recognize the faiths of their brethren and their rights of conscience. Tolerance is the first principal of community; it is the spirit which conserves the best that all men think.  --  Helen Keller .
Hatred, as well as love, renders its votaries credulous.  --  Jean-Jacques Rousseau .
Grown-ups never understand anything for themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them.  --  Antoine de Saint-Exupéry .
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds. The mediocre mind is incapable of understanding the man who refuses to bow blindly to conventional prejudices and chooses instead to express his opinions courageously and honestly.  --  Albert Einstein .
When artists create pictures and thinkers search for laws and formulate thoughts, it is in order to salvage something from the great dance of death, to make something that lasts longer than we do.  --  Hermann Hesse .
I don't think writers are sacred, but words are. They deserve respect. If you get the right ones in the right order, you might nudge the world a little or make a poem that children will speak for you when you are dead.  --  Tom Stoppard .
It contributes greatly towards a man's moral and intellectual health, to be brought into habits of companionship with individuals unlike himself, who care little for his pursuits, and whose sphere and abilities he must go out of himself to appreciate.  --  Nathaniel Hawthorne .
True realism consists in revealing the surprising things which habit keeps covered and prevents us from seeing.  --  Jean Cocteau .
They thought I was a Surrealist, but I wasn't. I never painted dreams. I painted my own reality.  --  Frida Kahlo .
Sin lies only in hurting others unnecessarily. All other "sins" are invented nonsense.  --  Robert A. Heinlein .
It is not the end of the physical body that should worry us. Rather, our concern must be to live while we're alive — to release our inner selves from the spiritual death that comes with living behind a facade designed to conform to external definitions of who and what we are.  --  Elisabeth Kübler-Ross .
I can get excitement watching rain on a puddle. And then I paint it. Now, I admit, there are not too many people who would find that exciting. But I would. And I want life thrilling and rich. And it is. I make sure it is.  --  David Hockney .
The scientific man does not aim at an immediate result. He does not expect that his advanced ideas will be readily taken up. His work is like that of the planter — for the future. His duty is to lay the foundation for those who are to come, and point the way. He lives and labors and hopes.  --  Nikola Tesla .
Posterity: you will never know how much it has cost my generation to preserve your freedom. I hope you will make good use of it.  --  John Quincy Adams .
In the country of the blind the one eyed man is king.  --  Desiderius Erasmus .
Patriotism is voluntary. It is a feeling of loyalty and allegiance that is the result of knowledge and belief. A patriot shows their patriotism through their actions, by their choice... No law will make a citizen a patriot.  --  Jesse Ventura .
If you build it, he will come.  --  "The Voice" in Field of Dreams .
Truth is never ugly when one can find in it what one needs.  --  Edgar Degas .
You don't have to be a fantastic hero to do certain things — to compete. You can be just an ordinary chap, sufficiently motivated to reach challenging goals. The intense effort, the giving of everything you've got, is a very pleasant bonus.  --  Sir Edmund Hillary .
The world breaks everyone and afterward many are strong in the broken places. But those that will not break it kills. It kills the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially. If you are none of these you can be sure it will kill you too but there will be no special hurry.  --  Ernest Hemingway .
Pardon him, Theodotus; he is a barbarian, and thinks that the customs of his tribe and island are the laws of nature.  --  George Bernard Shaw .
In soft deluding lies let fools delight. A shadow marks our days, which end in Night.  --  Hilaire Belloc .
We are social creatures to the inmost centre of our being. The notion that one can begin anything at all from scratch, free from the past, or unindebted to others, could not conceivably be more wrong.  --  Karl Popper .
No protracted war can fail to endanger the freedom of a democratic country.  --  Alexis de Tocqueville .
Somewhere, he thought, on the long backtrack of history, the human race had accepted an insanity for a principle and had persisted in it until today that insanity-turned-principle stood ready to wipe out, if not the race itself, at least all of those things, both material and immaterial, that had been fashioned as symbols of humanity through many hard-won centuries.  --  Clifford D. Simak .
One of the primary tests of the mood of a society at any given time is whether its comfortable people tend to identify, psychologically, with the power and achievements of the very successful or with the needs and sufferings of the underpriviliged.  --  Richard Hofstadter .
We help the internet not suck.  --  Jimmy Wales .
Better to die on your feet than live on your knees!  --  Emiliano Zapata .
Education, for most people, means trying to lead the child to resemble the typical adult of his society... But for me, education means making creators... You have to make inventors, innovators, not conformists.  --  Jean Piaget .
Older men declare war. But it is youth that must fight and die.  --  Herbert Hoover .
Love is the magician, the enchanter, that changes worthless things to Joy, and makes royal kings and queens of common clay. It is the perfume of that wondrous flower, the heart, and without that sacred passion, that divine swoon, we are less than beasts; but with it, earth is heaven, and we are gods.  --  Robert G. Ingersoll .
The world is given to me only once, not one existing and one perceived. Subject and object are only one. The barrier between them cannot be said to have broken down as a result of recent experience in the physical sciences, for this barrier does not exist.  --  Erwin Schrödinger .
Make the world better.  --  Lucy Stone .
Usually, terrible things that are done with the excuse that progress requires them are not really progress at all, but just terrible things.  --  Russell Baker .
Call for the grandest of all earthly spectacles, what is that? It is the sun going to his rest. Call for the grandest of all human sentiments, what is that? It is that man should forget his anger before he lies down to sleep.  --  Thomas De Quincey .
The world looks with some awe upon a man who appears unconcernedly indifferent to home, money, comfort, rank, or even power and fame. The world feels not without a certain apprehension, that here is some one outside its jurisdiction; someone before whom its allurements may be spread in vain; some one strangely enfranchised, untamed, untrammelled by convention, moving independent of the ordinary currents of human action.  --  Winston Churchill .
One isn't born one's self. One is born with a mass of expectations, a mass of other people's ideas — and you have to work through it all.  --  V. S. Naipaul .
When childhood dies, its corpses are called adults and they enter society, one of the politer names of hell. That is why we dread children, even if we love them. They show us the state of our decay.  --  Brian Aldiss .
How are we to survive? Solemnity is not the answer, any more than witless and irresponsible frivolity is. I think our best chance lies in humor, which in this case means a wry acceptance of our predicament. We don't have to like it but we can at least recognize its ridiculous aspects, one of which is ourselves.  --  Ogden Nash .
No lesson seems to be so deeply inculcated by the experience of life as that you should never trust experts. If you believe doctors, nothing is wholesome: if you believe the theologians, nothing is innocent: if you believe the soldiers, nothing is safe. They all require their strong wine diluted by a very large admixture of insipid common sense.  -- Robert Gascoyne-Cecil, Lord Salisbury .
I have brought you to the ring, now see if you can dance.  --  William Wallace .
If those in charge of our society — politicians, corporate executives, and owners of press and television — can dominate our ideas, they will be secure in their power. They will not need soldiers patrolling the streets. We will control ourselves.  --  Howard Zinn .
Being inoffensive, and being offended, are now the twin addictions of the culture.  --  Martin Amis .
We can pay our debts to the past by putting the future in debt to ourselves.  --  John Buchan, Lord Tweedsmuir .
Not curiosity, not vanity, not the consideration of expediency, not duty and conscientiousness, but an unquenchable, unhappy thirst that brooks no compromise leads us to truth.  --  Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel .
Who is the happiest of men? He who values the merits of others, and in their pleasure takes joy, even as though 'twere his own.  --  Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
Religion, which should most distinguish us from the beasts, and ought most particularly elevate us, as rational creatures, above brutes, is that wherein men often appear most irrational, and more senseless than beasts.  --  John Locke .
We are unfashioned creatures, but half made up, if one wiser, better, dearer than ourselves — such a friend ought to be — do not lend his aid to perfectionate our weak and faulty natures..  --  Mary Shelley .
Try to learn to breathe deeply, really to taste food when you eat, and when you sleep really to sleep. Try as much as possible to be wholly alive with all your might, and when you laugh, laugh like hell. And when you get angry, get good and angry. Try to be alive. You will be dead soon enough.  --  William Saroyan .
Before you do anything, think. If you do something to try and impress someone, to be loved, accepted or even to get someone's attention, stop and think. So many people are busy trying to create an image, they die in the process.  --  Salma Hayek .
Your pretended fear lest error should step in, is like the man that would keep all the wine out of the country lest men should be drunk. It will be found an unjust and unwise jealousy, to deny a man the liberty he hath by nature upon a supposition that he may abuse it.  --  Oliver Cromwell .
A master in the art of living draws no sharp distinction between his work and his play; his labor and his leisure; his mind and his body; his education and his recreation. He hardly knows which is which. He simply pursues his vision of excellence through whatever he is doing, and leaves others to determine whether he is working or playing. To himself, he always appears to be doing both. .  --  L. P. Jacks (originally attributed to François-René de Chateaubriand, born 4 September 1768, because of a widespread misattribution.) .
I've probably saved thousands of peoples' lives with my educational message on snake bites — how to get in around venomous anything. Yeah, I'm a thrill seeker, but crikey, education's the most important thing.  --  Steve Irwin .
My personal feeling is that this is how any further improvement of the world will be done: by individuals making Quality decisions and that's all.  --  Robert M. Pirsig .
Eccentricity is not, as dull people would have us believe, a form of madness. It is often a kind of innocent pride, and the man of genius and the aristocrat are frequently regarded as eccentrics because genius and aristocrat are entirely unafraid of and uninfluenced by the opinions and vagaries of the crowd.  --  Edith Sitwell .
Some forms of reality are so horrible we refuse to face them, unless we are trapped into it by comedy. To label any subject unsuitable for comedy is to admit defeat.  --  Peter Sellers .
Art is a human activity having for its purpose the transmission to others of the highest and best feelings to which men have risen.  --  Leo Tolstoy .
Organisms are not billiard balls, propelled by simple and measurable external forces to predictable new positions on life's pool table. Sufficiently complex systems have greater richness. Organisms have a history that constrains their future in myriad, subtle ways.  --  Stephen Jay Gould .
When I came back to my native country, after all the stories about Hitler, I couldn't ride in the front of the bus. I had to go to the back door. I couldn't live where I wanted. I wasn't invited to shake hands with Hitler, but I wasn't invited to the White House to shake hands with the President, either.  --  Jesse Owens .
We hardly find any persons of good sense, save those who agree with us.  --  François de La Rochefoucauld .
The public does not like you to mislead or represent yourself to be something you're not. And the other thing that the public really does like is the self-examination to say, you know, I'm not perfect. I'm just like you. They don't ask their public officials to be perfect. They just ask them to be smart, truthful, honest, and show a modicum of good sense.  -- Ann Richards .
His voice rose under the black smoke before the burning wreckage of the island; and infected by that emotion, the other little boys began to shake and sob too. And in the middle of them, with filthy body, matted hair, and unwiped nose, Ralph wept for the end of innocence, the darkness of man's heart, and the fall through the air of the true, wise friend called Piggy.  --  William Golding .
We control fifty percent of a relationship. We influence one hundred percent of it.  --  Joyce Brothers .
There is in the worst of fortune the best of chances for a happy change.  --  Euripides .
To act with common sense, according to the moment, is the best wisdom I know; and the best philosophy, to do one's duties, take the world as it comes, submit respectfully to one's lot, bless the goodness that has given us so much happiness with it, whatever it is, and despise affectation.  --  Horace Walpole .
No battle is ever won... They are not even fought. The field only reveals to man his own folly and despair, and victory is an illusion of philosophers and fools.  --  William Faulkner .
When once the mind has raised itself to grasp and to delight in excellence, those who love most will be found to love most wisely.  --  Francis Turner Palgrave .
Faith which does not doubt is dead faith.  --  Miguel de Unamuno .
Mankind must remember that peace is not God's gift to his creatures, it is our gift to each other.  --  Elie Wiesel .
A comedian does funny things. A good comedian does things funny.  --  Buster Keaton .
Almost all men, and those that seem to be very miserable, love life, because they cannot bear to lose sight of such a beautiful and lovely world. The ideas, that every moment whilst we live have a beauty that we take not distinct notice of, brings a pleasure that, when we come to the trial, we had rather live in much pain and misery than lose.  -- Jonathan Edwards .
Does the prophet see the future or does he see a line of weakness, a fault or cleavage that he may shatter with words or decisions as a diamond-cutter shatters his gem with a blow of a knife?  --  Frank Herbert in Dune .
It takes courage to love, but pain through love is the purifying fire which those who love generously know. We all know people who are so much afraid of pain that they shut themselves up like clams in a shell and, giving out nothing, receive nothing and therefore shrink until life is a mere living death.  --  Eleanor Roosevelt .
I have always read that the world, both land and water, was spherical, as the authority and researches of Ptolemy and all the others who have written on this subject demonstrate and prove, as do the eclipses of the moon and other experiments that are made from east to west, and the elevation of the North Star from north to south.  -- Christopher Columbus .
If you ever get trial by television or guilt by accusation, that day freedom dies because you have not had it done with all of the careful rules that have developed in a court of law. Press and television rely on freedom. Those who rely on freedom must uphold the rule of law and have a duty and a responsibility to do so and not try to substitute their own system for it.  --  Margaret Thatcher .
I am totally convinced from my experience of working with poor people that they can get themselves out of poverty if we give them the same or similar opportunities we give to others. The poor themselves can create a poverty-free world — all we have to do is to free them from the chains that we have put around them.  --  Muhammad Yunus .
In all life one should comfort the afflicted, but verily, also, one should afflict the comfortable, and especially when they are comfortably, contentedly, even happily wrong.  --  John Kenneth Galbraith .
Selfishness is not living as one wishes to live, it is asking others to live as one wishes to live.  --  Oscar Wilde .
Maybe all one can do is hope to end up with the right regrets.  --  Arthur Miller .
We sometimes talk as if "original research" were a peculiar prerogative of scientists or at least of advanced students. But all thinking is research, and all research is native, original, with him who carries it on, even if everybody else in the world already is sure of what he is still looking for.  --  John Dewey .
I am certain there is too much certainty in the world.  --  Michael Crichton .
Poems present their testimony as circumstantial evidences, not as closing argument. Where Wallace Stevens says, “God and the imagination are one,” I would say that the imagination, which synergizes intellect, emotion and instinct, is the perceptive organ through which it is possible, though not inevitable, to experience God.  --  Denise Levertov .
A man doesn't begin to attain wisdom until he recognizes that he is no longer indispensable.  --  Richard E. Byrd .
The youth are not always right, but the society which ignores them and beats, is always wrong.  --  François Mitterrand .
I love people. Everybody. I love them, I think, as a stamp collector loves his collection. Every story, every incident, every bit of conversation is raw material for me. My love's not impersonal yet not wholly subjective either. I would like to be everyone, a cripple, a dying man, a whore, and then come back to write about my thoughts, my emotions, as that person. But I am not omniscient. I have to live my life, and it is the only one I'll ever have. And you cannot regard your own life with objective curiosity all the time.  --  Sylvia Plath .
The human mind is inspired enough when it comes to inventing horrors; it is when it tries to invent a Heaven that it shows itself cloddish.  --  Evelyn Waugh .
We cannot tell the precise moment when friendship is formed. As in filling a vessel drop by drop, there is at last a drop which makes it run over; so in a series of kindnesses there is at last one which makes the heart run over.  --  James Boswell .
The fundamental article of my political creed is that despotism, or unlimited sovereignty, or absolute power, is the same in a majority of a popular assembly, an aristocratical council, an oligarchical junto, and a single emperor. Equally arbitrary, cruel, bloody, and in every respect diabolical.  --  John Adams .
Art is a revolt against fate.  --  André Malraux .
A great book should leave you with many experiences, and slightly exhausted. You should live several lives while reading it.  --  William Styron .
Philosophy is harmonized knowledge making a harmonious life; it is the self-discipline which lifts us to serenity and freedom. Knowledge is power, but only wisdom is liberty.  -- Will Durant .
Me, I shall be an autocrat: that is my trade; and The Good God will forgive me: that is His.  --  Catherine the Great .
The evil that is in the world always comes of ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence, if they lack understanding. On the whole men are more good than bad; that, however, isn't the real point. But they are more or less ignorant, and it is this that we call vice or virtue; the most incorrigible vice being that of an ignorance which fancies it knows everything and therefore claims for itself the right to kill. There can be no true goodness, nor true love, without the utmost clear-sightedness.  --  Albert Camus .
No man knows till he has suffered from the night how sweet and dear to his heart and eye the morning can be.  --  Bram Stoker .
Widespread intellectual and moral docility may be convenient for leaders in the short term, but it is suicidal for nations in the long term. One of the criteria for national leadership should therefore be a talent for understanding, encouraging, and making constructive use of vigorous criticism.  --  Carl Sagan .
Rarely do we arrive at the summit of truth without running into extremes; we have frequently to exhaust the part of error, and even of folly, before we work our way up to the noble goal of tranquil wisdom.  --  Friedrich Schiller .
The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by men of zeal, well-meaning but without understanding.  --  Louis Brandeis .
Peace has been said to be indivisible; so is freedom, so is prosperity now, and so also is disaster in this One World that can no longer be split into isolated fragments.  -- Jawaharlal Nehru .
He who, when called upon to speak a disagreeable truth, tells it boldly and has done is both bolder and milder than he who nibbles in a low voice and never ceases nibbling.  -- Johann Kaspar Lavater .
We are at war between consciousness and nature, between the desire for permanence and the fact of flux. It is ourself against ourselves.  --  Alan Watts .
Political freedom means the absence of coercion of a man by his fellow men. The fundamental threat to freedom is power to coerce, be it in the hands of a monarch, a dictator, an oligarchy, or a momentary majority.  --  Milton Friedman .
It's a feature of our age that if you write a work of fiction, everyone assumes that the people and events in it are disguised biography — but if you write your biography, it's equally assumed you're lying your head off.  --  Margaret Atwood .
Man is free at the instant he wants to be.  --  Voltaire .
What do we live for, if it is not to make life less difficult to each other?  --  George Eliot .
We can only be said to be alive in those moments when our hearts are conscious of our treasures.  --  Thornton Wilder .
Only the brave know how to forgive... A coward never forgave; it is not in his nature.  --  Laurence Sterne .
If we have learned anything at all in this century, it is that all new technologies will be put to use, sooner or later, for better or worse, as it is in our nature to do.  --  Lewis Thomas .
"Sometimes I lie awake at night and I ask, Why me?" And the voice says, "Nothing personal your name just happened to come up."  --  Charles M. Schulz .
Use only that which works, and take it from any place you can find it.  --  Bruce Lee .
Whatever nature has in store for mankind, unpleasant as it may be, men must accept, for ignorance is never better than knowledge.  --  Enrico Fermi .
The most dangerous thing you can do is to take any one impulse of your own nature and set it up as the thing you ought to follow at all costs. There's not one of them which won't make us into devils if we set it up as an absolute guide. You might think love of humanity in general was safe, but it isn't. If you leave out justice you'll find yourself breaking agreements and faking evidence in trials "for the sake of humanity" and become in the end a cruel and treacherous man.  --  C.S. Lewis .
It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations. Bartlett's Familiar Quotations is an admirable work, and I studied it intently. The quotations when engraved upon the memory give you good thoughts. They also make you anxious to read the authors and look for more.  --  Winston Churchill .
The current search for new educational funnels must be reversed into the search for their institutional inverse: educational webs which heighten the opportunity for each one to transform each moment of his living into one of learning, sharing, and caring.  --  Ivan Illich .
There is no credulity so eager and blind as the credulity of covetousness, which, in its universal extent, measures the moral misery and the intellectual destitution of mankind.  --  Joseph Conrad .
No sadder proof can be given by a man of his own littleness than disbelief in great men.  --  Thomas Carlyle .
We have to remember that what we observe is not nature herself, but nature exposed to our method of questioning.  --  Werner Heisenberg .
Never think that you're not good enough. A man should never think that. People will take you very much at your own reckoning.  --  Anthony Trollope .
I know that every good and excellent thing in the world stands moment by moment on the razor-edge of danger and must be fought for.  --  Thornton Wilder .
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.  --  Elie Wiesel .
In all our associations; in all our agreements let us never lose sight of this fundamental maxim — that all power was originally lodged in, and consequently is derived from, the people.  --  George Mason .
The most glorious moments in your life are not the so-called days of success, but rather those days when out of dejection and despair you feel rise in you a challenge to life, and the promise of future accomplishments.  --  Gustave Flaubert .
We may have different religions, different languages, different colored skin, but we all belong to one human race. We all share the same basic values.  --  Kofi Annan .
My deepest impulses are optimistic; an attitude that seems to me as spiritually necessary and proper as it is intellectually suspect.  --  Ellen Willis .
To talk about the end of science is just as foolish as to talk about the end of religion. Science and religion are both still close to their beginnings, with no ends in sight.  -- Freeman Dyson .
What renders man an imaginative and moral being is that in society he gives new aims to his life which could not have existed in solitude: the aims of friendship, religion, science, and art.  --  George Santayana .
To even mention all the things the bird must constantly keep in mind in order to fly securely through the air would take a considerable part of the evening... The bird has learned this art of equilibrium, and learned it so thoroughly that its skill is not apparent to our sight. We only learn to appreciate it when we try to imitate it.  --  Wilbur Wright .
Formerly we used to represent things visible on earth, things we either liked to look at or would have liked to see. Today we reveal the reality that is behind visible things, thus expressing the belief that the visible world is merely an isolated case in relation to the universe and that there are many more other, latent realities. Things appear to assume a broader and more diversified meaning, often seemingly contradicting the rational experience of yesterday. There is a striving to emphasize the essential character of the accidental.  --  Paul Klee .
It is wrong to expect a reward for your struggles. The reward is the act of struggle itself, not what you win. Even though you can't expect to defeat the absurdity of the world, you must make that attempt. That's morality, that's religion. That's art. That's life.  --  Phil Ochs .
Learn this lesson, that to be self-contented is to be vile and ignorant, and that to aspire is better than to be blindly and impotently happy.  --  Edwin Abbott Abbott .
A few minutes ago every tree was excited, bowing to the roaring storm, waving, swirling, tossing their branches in glorious enthusiasm like worship. But though to the outer ear these trees are now silent, their songs never cease. Every hidden cell is throbbing with music and life, every fiber thrilling like harp strings, while incense is ever flowing from the balsam bells and leaves. No wonder the hills and groves were God's first temples, and the more they are cut down and hewn into cathedrals and churches, the farther off and dimmer seems the Lord himself.  --  John Muir .
Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas.  --  Calvin Coolidge .
Let us face squarely the paradox that the world which goes to war is a world, usually, genuinely desiring peace. War is the outcome, not mainly of evil intentions, but on the whole, of good intentions which miscarry or are frustrated. It is made, not usually by evil men knowing themselves to be wrong, but is the outcome of policies pursued by good men usually passionately convinced that they are right.  --  Norman Angell .
I am on the edge of mysteries and the veil is getting thinner and thinner.  --  Louis Pasteur .
The length of one's days matters less than the love of one's family and friends.  --  Gerald Ford .
If I am to be shot at, I want no man to be in the way of the bullet.  --  Andrew Johnson .
Each comprehended only that part of the mind of Ilúvatar from which he came, and in the understanding of their brethren they grew but slowly. Yet ever as they listened they came to deeper understanding, and increased in unison and harmony.  --  J. R. R. Tolkien in The Silmarillion .
Men learn little from others' experience. But in the life of one man, never the same time returns.  --  T. S. Eliot, in Murder in the Cathedral .
All statements are true in some sense, false in some sense, meaningless in some sense, true and false in some sense, true and meaningless in some sense, false and meaningless in some sense, and true and false and meaningless in some sense.  --  Principia Discordia .
History is the present. That's why every generation writes it anew. But what most people think of as history is its end product, myth.  --  E. L. Doctorow .
It does not do harm to the mystery to know a little more about it. For far more marvelous is the truth than any artists of the past imagined it. Why do the poets of the present not speak of it? What men are poets who can speak of Jupiter if he were a man, but if he is an immense spinning sphere of methane and ammonia must be silent?  --  Richard Feynman .
Some marry the first information they receive, and turn what comes later into their concubine. Since deceit is always first to arrive, there is no room left for truth.  --  Baltasar Gracián .
I think it is possible, and that is the most dramatic element in modern civilization, that a human truth is opposed to another human truth no less human, ideal against ideal, positive worth against worth no less positive, instead of the struggle being as we are so often told, one between noble truth and vile selfish error.  --  Karel Čapek .
Society is indeed a contract... it is not a partnership in things subservient only to the gross animal existence of a temporary and perishable nature. It is a partnership in all science; a partnership in all art; a partnership in every virtue, and in all perfection. As the ends of such a partnership cannot be obtained in many generations, it becomes a partnership not only between those who are living, but between those who are to be born.  --  Edmund Burke .
I still feel that sincerity and realism are avant-garde, or can be, just as I did when I started out.  --  Edmund White .
I build no system. I ask an end to privilege, the abolition of slavery, equality of rights, and the reign of law. Justice, nothing else; that is the alpha and omega of my argument: to others I leave the business of governing the world.  --  Pierre-Joseph Proudhon .
To me, literature is a calling, even a kind of salvation. It connects me with an enterprise that is over 2,000 years old. What do we have from the past? Art and thought. That's what lasts. That's what continues to feed people and give them an idea of something better. A better state of one's feelings or simply the idea of a silence in one's self that allows one to think or to feel. Which to me is the same.  --  Susan Sontag .
Those who would give up Essential Liberty to purchase a little Temporary Safety, deserve neither Liberty nor Safety.  --  Benjamin Franklin .
It's important to abolish the unconscious dogmatism that makes people think their way of looking at reality is the only sane way of viewing the world. My goal is to try to get people into a state of generalized agnosticism, not agnosticism about God alone, but agnosticism about everything.  --  Robert Anton Wilson .
Whether it's the best of times or the worst of times, it's the only time we've got.  --  Art Buchwald .
What is an artist? A provincial who finds himself somewhere between a physical reality and a metaphysical one.... It’s this in-between that I’m calling a province, this frontier country between the tangible world and the intangible one — which is really the realm of the artist.  --  Federico Fellini .
A revelation, that may be supposed to be really of the institution of God, must also be supposed to be perfectly consistent or uniform, and to be able to stand the test of truth... Reason therefore must be the standard by which we determine the respective claims of revelation; for otherwise we may as well subscribe to the divinity of the one as of the other, or to the whole of them, or to none at all.  --  Ethan Allen .
If a man be gracious and courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world, and that his heart is no island cut off from other lands, but a continent that joins to them.  --  Francis Bacon .
Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom. It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves.  --  William Pitt the Younger .
Everything that's realistic has some sort of ugliness in it. Even a flower is ugly when it wilts, a bird when it seeks its prey, the ocean when it becomes violent.  --  Sharon Tate .
I do not believe they are right who say that the defects of famous men should be ignored. I think it is better that we should know them. Then, though we are conscious of having faults as glaring as theirs, we can believe that that is no hindrance to our achieving also something of their virtues.  --  W. Somerset Maugham .
I speak an open and disinterested language, dictated by no passion but that of humanity. To me, who have not only refused offers, because I thought them improper, but have declined rewards I might with reputation have accepted, it is no wonder that meanness and imposition appear disgustful. Independence is my happiness, and I view things as they are, without regard to place or person; my country is the world, and my religion is to do good.  --  Thomas Paine .
If the fires of freedom and civil liberties burn low in other lands they must be made brighter in our own. If in other lands the press and books and literature of all kinds are censored, we must redouble our efforts here to keep them free. If in other lands the eternal truths of the past are threatened by intolerance we must provide a safe place for their perpetuation.  --  Franklin D. Roosevelt .
Science is clearly one of the most profound methods that humans have yet devised for discovering truth, while religion remains the single greatest force for generating meaning. Truth and meaning, science and religion; but we still cannot figure out how to get the two of them together in a fashion that both find acceptable... if some sort of reconciliation between science and religion is not forthcoming, the future of humanity is, at best, precarious.  --  Ken Wilber .
At the bottom of the heart of every human being, from earliest infancy until the tomb, there is something that goes on indomitably expecting, in the teeth of all experience of crimes committed, suffered, and witnessed, that good and not evil will be done to him. It is this above all that is sacred in every human being.  --  Simone Weil .
Men weren't really the enemy — they were fellow victims suffering from an outmoded masculine mystique that made them feel unnecessarily inadequate when there were no bears to kill.  --  Betty Friedan .
God needeth not the help of a material sword of steel to assist the sword of the Spirit in the affairs of conscience.  --  Roger Williams .
I swing big, with everything I've got. I hit big or I miss big. I like to live as big as I can.  --  Babe Ruth .
Throughout life, our worst weaknesses and meannesses are usually committed for the sake of the people we most despise.  --  Charles Dickens .
One single war — we all know — may be productive of more evil, immediate and subsequent, than hundreds of years of the unchecked action of the mutual-aid principle may be productive of good.  --  Peter Kropotkin .
Belief may be no more, in the end, than a source of energy, like a battery which one clips into an idea to make it run.  --  J. M. Coetzee .
I have read descriptions of Paradise that would make any sensible person stop wanting to go there.  --  Charles de Montesquieu .
Even if we accept, as the basic tenet of true democracy, that one moron is equal to one genius, is it necessary to go a further step and hold that two morons are better than one genius?  --  Leó Szilárd .
We are not enemies, but friends. We must not be enemies. Though passion may have strained, it must not break our bonds of affection. The mystic chords of memory, stretching from every battlefield and patriot grave to every living heart and hearthstone all over this broad land, will yet swell the chorus of the Union when again touched, as surely they will be, by the better angels of our nature.  --  Abraham Lincoln .
Every man's life (and ... every woman's life), awaits the hour of blossoming that makes it immortal ... love is a divinity above all accidents, and guards his own with extraordinary obstinacy.  --  Eleanor Farjeon .
When one has once fully entered the realm of love, the world — no matter how imperfect — becomes rich and beautiful, it consists solely of opportunities for love.  --  Søren Kierkegaard .
The religious persecution of the ages has been done under what was claimed to be the command of God. I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do to their fellows, because it always coincides with their own desires.  --  Susan B. Anthony .
The counsels of impatience and hatred can always be supported by the crudest and cheapest symbols; for the counsels of moderation, the reasons are often intricate, rather than emotional, and difficult to explain. And so the chauvinists of all times and places go their appointed way: plucking the easy fruits, reaping the little triumphs of the day at the expense of someone else tomorrow, deluging in noise and filth anyone who gets in their way, dancing their reckless dance on the prospects for human progress, drawing the shadow of a great doubt over the validity of democratic institutions. And until people learn to spot the fanning of mass emotions and the sowing of bitterness, suspicion, and intolerance as crimes in themselves — as perhaps the greatest disservice that can be done to the cause of popular government — this sort of thing will continue to occur.  --  George F. Kennan .
Even to have come forth is something, since I see that being able to conquer is placed in the hands of fate. However, there was in me, whatever I was able to do, that which no future century will deny to be mine, that which a victor could have for his own: Not to have feared to die, not to have yielded to any equal in firmness of nature, and to have preferred a courageous death to a noncombatant life.  --  Giordano Bruno .
The doors of heaven and hell are adjacent and identical.  --  Nikos Kazantzakis .
The theory of democratic government is not that the will of the people is always right, but rather that normal human beings of average intelligence will, if given a chance, learn the right and best course by bitter experience.  --  W.E.B. DuBois .
Terrible is the day when each sees his soul naked, stripped of all veil; that dear soul which he cannot change or discard, and which is so irreparably his.  --  George A. Moore .
Of course, there is no doubt that if we lived in a police state, it would be easier to catch terrorists. If we lived in a country that allowed the police to search your home at any time for any reason; if we lived in a country that allowed the government to open your mail, eavesdrop on your phone conversations, or intercept your email communications; if we lived in a country that allowed the government to hold people in jail indefinitely based on what they write or think, or based on mere suspicion that they are up to no good, then the government would no doubt discover and arrest more terrorists. But that probably would not be a country in which we would want to live. And that would not be a country for which we could, in good conscience, ask our young people to fight and die. In short, that would not be America.  --  Russ Feingold .
You cannot force ideas. Successful ideas are the result of slow growth. Ideas do not reach perfection in a day, no matter how much study is put upon them.  --  Alexander Graham Bell .
In all living nature (and perhaps also in that which we consider as dead) love is the motive force which drives the creative activity in the most diverse directions.  --  P. D. Ouspensky .
I've always wanted to make the world a more rational place. I'm still working on it.  --  Penn Jillette .
For all eternity has God not occupied His intellect with the cabbage's birth as well as yours? It also seems that He has necessarily provided more for the birth of the vegetable than for the thinking being... Will anyone say that we are born in the image of the Sovereign Being, while cabbages are not?  --  Cyrano de Bergerac .
Everything that depends on the action of nature is by nature as good as it can be, and similarly everything that depends on art or any rational cause, and especially if it depends on the best of all causes. To entrust to chance what is greatest and most noble would be a very defective arrangement.  --  Aristotle .
Animals arrived, liked the look of the place, took up their quarters, settled down, spread, and flourished. They didn't bother themselves about the past — they never do; they're too busy.  --  Kenneth Grahame .
Nobody reads a mystery to get to the middle. They read it to get to the end. If it's a letdown, they won't buy anymore. The first page sells that book. The last page sells your next book.  --  Mickey Spillane .
They danced down the streets like dingledodies, and I shambled after as I've been doing all my life after people who interest me, because the only people for me are the mad ones, the ones who are mad to live, mad to talk, mad to be saved, desirous of everything at the same time, the ones that never yawn or say a commonplace thing, but burn, burn, burn like fabulous yellow roman candles exploding like spiders across the stars and in the middle you see the blue centerlight pop and everybody goes "Awww!"  --  Jack Kerouac .
Man becomes aware of the sacred because it manifests itself, shows itself, as something wholly different from the profane... something sacred shows itself to us ... something of a wholly different order, a reality that does not belong to our world, in objects that are an integral part of our natural "profane" world.  --  Mircea Eliade .
There are no necessary evils in government. Its evils exist only in its abuses. If it would confine itself to equal protection, and, as Heaven does its rains, shower its favors alike on the high and the low, the rich and the poor, it would be an unqualified blessing.  --  Andrew Jackson .
If men were angels, no government would be necessary. If angels were to govern men, neither external nor internal controls on government would be necessary. In framing a government which is to be administered by men over men, the great difficulty lies in this: you must first enable the government to control the governed; and in the next place oblige it to control itself.  --  James Madison .
No work which is destined to become a classic can look like the classics which have preceded it. In art, as in biology, there is heredity but no identity with the ascendants. Painters inherit characteristics acquired by their forerunners; that is why no important work of art can belong to any period but its own, to the very moment of its creation. It is necessarily dated by its own appearance. The conscious will of the painter cannot intervene.  --  Juan Gris .
What is humility but truthfulness? There is no real difference.  --  Walter Hilton .
I am an Anarchist not because I believe Anarchism is the final goal, but because there is no such thing as a final goal.  --  Rudolf Rocker .
The world and the universe is an extremely beautiful place, and the more we understand about it the more beautiful does it appear. It is an immensely exciting experience to be born in the world, born in the universe, and look around you and realise that before you die you have the opportunity of understanding an immense amount about that world and about that universe and about life and about why we're here. We have the opportunity of understanding far, far more than any of our predecessors ever. That is such an exciting possibility, it would be such a shame to blow it and end your life not having understood what there is to understand.  --  Richard Dawkins .
History is a novel written by the people.  --  Alfred de Vigny .
We cannot know whether we love God, although there may be strong reason for thinking so; but there can be no doubt about whether we love our neighbor or not. Be sure that, in proportion as you advance in fraternal charity, you are increasing your love of God...  --  Teresa of Avila .
So blind is the curiosity by which mortals are possessed, that they often conduct their minds along unexplored routes, having no reason to hope for success, but merely being willing to risk the experiment of finding whether the truth they seek lies there. ... I do not deny that sometimes in these wanderings they are lucky enough to find something true. But I do not allow that this argues greater industry on their part, but only better luck.  --  René Descartes .
How far should one accept the rules of the society in which one lives? To put it another way: at what point does conformity become corruption? Only by answering such questions does the conscience truly define itself.  --  Kenneth Tynan .
There rise authors now and then, who seem proof against the mutability of language, because they have rooted themselves in the unchanging principles of human nature.  -- Washington Irving .
I am less concerned with expressing the motions of the soul and mind than to render visible, so to speak, the inner flashes of intuition which have something divine in their apparent insignificance and reveal magic, even divine horizons, when they are transposed into the marvellous effects of pure plastic art.  --  Gustave Moreau .
In spite of difference of soil and climate, of language and manners, of laws and customs — in spite of things silently gone out of mind, and things violently destroyed, the Poet binds together by passion and knowledge the vast empire of human society, as it is spread over the whole earth, and over all time.  --  William Wordsworth .
To get others to come into our ways of thinking, we must go over to theirs; and it is necessary to follow, in order to lead.  --  William Hazlitt .
Extremists think "communication" means agreeing with them.  --  Leo Rosten .
Fighting wars is not so much about killing people as it is about finding things out. The more you know, the more likely you are to win a battle.  --  Tom Clancy .
The secular state is the guarantee of religious pluralism. This apparent paradox, again, is the simplest and most elegant of political truths.  --  Christopher Hitchens .
All moments, past, present and future, always have existed, always will exist... It is just an illusion we have here on Earth that one moment follows another one, like beads on a string, and that once a moment is gone it is gone forever... Now, when I myself hear that somebody is dead, I simply shrug and say what the Tralfamadorians say about dead people, which is "So it goes."  --  Kurt Vonnegut .
We work in the dark — we do what we can — we give what we have. Our doubt is our passion and our passion is our task. The rest is the madness of art.  --  Henry James .
The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread.  --  Anatole France .
Man is not an end but a beginning. We are at the beginning of the second week. We are children of the eighth day.  --  Thornton Wilder .
History repeats itself. That’s one of the things wrong with history.  --  Clarence Darrow .
Children say that people are hung sometimes for speaking the truth.  --  Jehanne Darc (Joan of Arc) .
It may often be noticed, the less virtuous people are, the more they shrink away from the slightest whiff of the odour of un-sanctity. The good are ever the most charitable, the pure are the most brave.  --  Dinah Craik .
Conventionality is not morality. Self-righteousness is not religion. To attack the first is not to assail the last.  --  Charlotte Brontë .
It is certainly not then — not in dreams — but when one is wide awake, at moments of robust joy and achievement, on the highest terrace of consciousness, that mortality has a chance to peer beyond its own limits, from the mast, from the past and its castle-tower. And although nothing much can be seen through the mist, there is somehow the blissful feeling that one is looking in the right direction.  --  Vladimir Nabokov .
We defy augury; there's a special providence in the fall of a sparrow. If it be now, 'tis not to come; if it be not to come, it will be now; if it be not now, yet it will come: the readiness is all.  --  "Hamlet" in Hamlet by William Shakespeare .
I judge a man by his actions with men, much more than by his declarations Godwards. When I find him to be envious, carping, spiteful, hating the successes of others, and complaining that the world has never done enough for him, I am apt to doubt whether his humility before God will atone for his want of manliness.  --  Anthony Trollope .
It is especially important to encourage unorthodox thinking when the situation is critical: At such moments every new word and fresh thought is more precious than gold. Indeed, people must not be deprived of the right to think their own thoughts.  --  Boris Yeltsin .
They say that each generation inherits from those that have gone before; if this were so there would be no limit to man's improvements or to his power of reaching perfection. But he is very far from receiving intact that storehouse of knowledge which the centuries have piled up before him; he may perfect some inventions, but in others, he lags behind the originators, and a great many inventions have been lost entirely. What he gains on the one hand, he loses on the other.  --  Eugène Delacroix .
Though I have been trained as a soldier, and participated in many battles, there never was a time when, in my opinion, some way could not be found to prevent the drawing of the sword. I look forward to an epoch when a court, recognized by all nations, will settle international differences.  --  Ulysses S. Grant .
The Truth Shall Make Ye Fret.  --  Terry Pratchett .
The life, the fortune, and the happiness of every one of us, and, more or less, of those who are connected with us, do depend upon our knowing something of the rules of a game infinitely more difficult and complicated than chess. It is a game which has been played for untold ages, every man and woman of us being one of the two players in a game of his or her own. The chessboard is the world, the pieces are the phenomena of the universe, the rules of the game are what we call the laws of Nature. The player on the other side is hidden from us. We know that his play is always fair, just, and patient. But also we know, to our cost, that he never overlooks a mistake, or makes the smallest allowance for ignorance.  --  T. H. Huxley .
I see it all perfectly; there are two possible situations — one can either do this or that. My honest opinion and my friendly advice is this: do it or do not do it — you will regret both.  --  Søren Kierkegaard in Either/Or .
Who knows what beautiful and winged life, whose egg has been buried for ages under many concentric layers of woodenness in the dead dry life of society ... may unexpectedly come forth ... to enjoy its perfect summer life at last! ... such is the character of that morrow which mere lapse of time can never make to dawn. ... Only that day dawns to which we are awake. There is more day to dawn. The sun is but a morning star.  --  Henry David Thoreau in Walden .
Nothing appears more surprising to those, who consider human affairs with a philosophical eye, than the easiness with which the many are governed by the few; and the implicit submission, with which men resign their own sentiments and passions to those of their rulers. When we enquire by what means this wonder is effected, we shall find, that, as Force is always on the side of the governed, the governors have nothing to support them but opinion. It is therefore, on opinion only that government is founded; and this maxim extends to the most despotic and most military governments, as well as to the most free and most popular.  --  David Hume .
Life is a tragedy for those who feel, and a comedy for those who think.  --  Jean de La Bruyère .
I would like to be remembered as a man who had a wonderful time living his life, and who had good friends, a fine family. I don't think I could ask for anything more than that, actually.  --  Frank Sinatra .
Human life itself may be almost pure chaos, but the work of the artist — the only thing he's good for — is to take these handfuls of confusion and disparate things, things that seem to be irreconcilable, and put them together in a frame to give them some kind of shape and meaning. Even if it's only his view of a meaning. That's what he's for — to give his view of life.  --  Katherine Anne Porter .
The universe is flux, life is opinion.  --  Marcus Aurelius .
We are all, always, the desire not to die. This desire is as immeasurable and varied as life's complexity, but at bottom this is what it is: To continue to be, to be more and more, to develop and to endure. All the force we have, all our energy and clearness of mind serve to intensify themselves in one way or another. We intensify ourselves with new impressions, new sensations, new ideas. We endeavour to take what we do not have and to add it to ourselves. Humanity is the desire for novelty founded upon the fear of death. That is what it is.  --  Henri Barbusse .
The opposition of instinct and reason is mainly illusory. Instinct, intuition, or insight is what first leads to the beliefs which subsequent reason confirms or confutes; but the confirmation, where it is possible, consists, in the last analysis, of agreement with other beliefs no less instinctive. Reason is a harmonising, controlling force rather than a creative one. Even in the most purely logical realms, it is insight that first arrives at what is new.  --  Bertrand Russell .
With all reverence, I would say, let God do His work, we will see to ours. Bring in the candles.  --  Abraham Davenport .
The prevailing tendency to regard all the marked distinctions of human character as innate, and in the main indelible, and to ignore the irresistible proofs that by far the greater part of those differences, whether between individuals, races, or sexes, are such as not only might but naturally would be produced by differences in circumstances, is one of the chief hindrances to the rational treatment of great social questions, and one of the greatest stumbling blocks to human improvement.  --  John Stuart Mill .
Life — a culmination of the past, an awareness of the present, an indication of a future beyond knowledge, the quality that gives a touch of divinity to matter.  --  Charles Lindbergh .
I should dearly love that the world should be ever so little better for my presence. Even on this small stage we have our two sides, and something might be done by throwing all one's weight on the scale of breadth, tolerance, charity, temperance, peace, and kindliness to man and beast. We can't all strike very big blows, and even the little ones count for something.  --  Arthur Conan Doyle .
What I mean by the Muse is that unimpeded clearness of the intuitive powers, which a perfectly truthful adherence to every admonition of the higher instincts would bring to a finely organized human being. It may appear as prophecy or as poesy. ... should these faculties have free play, I believe they will open new, deeper and purer sources of joyous inspiration than have as yet refreshed the earth.  --  Margaret Fuller .
Freedom of expression is the matrix, the indispensable condition, of nearly every other form of freedom.  --  Benjamin N. Cardozo .
The pessimist is commonly spoken of as the man in revolt. He is not. Firstly, because it requires some cheerfulness to continue in revolt, and secondly, because pessimism appeals to the weaker side of everybody, and the pessimist, therefore, drives as roaring a trade as the publican. The person who is really in revolt is the optimist, who generally lives and dies in a desperate and suicidal effort to persuade all the other people how good they are. It has been proved a hundred times over that if you really wish to enrage people and make them angry, even unto death, the right way to do it is to tell them that they are all the sons of God.  --  G. K. Chesterton .
I myself am human and free only to the extent that I acknowledge the humanity and liberty of all my fellows... I am properly free when all the men and women about me are equally free. Far from being a limitation or a denial of my liberty, the liberty of another is its necessary condition and confirmation.  --  Mikhail Bakunin .
To find themselves utterly alone at night where company is desirable and expected makes some people fearful; but a case more trying by far to the nerves is to discover some mysterious companionship when intuition, sensation, memory, analogy, testimony, probability, induction — every kind of evidence in the logician's list — have united to persuade consciousness that it is quite in isolation.  --  Thomas Hardy .
We are on the cusp of this time where I can say, "I speak as a citizen of the world" without others saying, "God, what a nut."  --  Lawrence Lessig .
Opinions cannot survive if one has no chance to fight for them.  --  Thomas Mann .
The world is wide; no two days are alike, nor even two hours; neither were there ever two leaves of a tree alike since the creation of the world; and the genuine productions of art, like those of nature, are all distinct from one another.  --  John Constable .
I don't believe that the big men, the politicians and the capitalists alone are guilty of the war. Oh, no, the little man is just as keen, otherwise the people of the world would have risen in revolt long ago! There is an urge and rage in people to destroy, to kill, to murder, and until all mankind, without exception, undergoes a great change, wars will be waged, everything that has been built up, cultivated and grown, will be destroyed and disfigured, after which mankind will have to begin all over again.  --  Anne Frank .
All that you know is at an end.  --  The "Silver Surfer" in Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer .
It's no use, says he. Force, hatred, history, all that. That's not life for men and women, insult and hatred. And everybody knows that it's the very opposite of that that is really life.  --  James Joyce in Ulysses .
Nothing you do, however many of us you kill, will stop that flight to our cities where freedom is strong and where people can live in harmony with one another. Whatever you do, however many you kill, you will fail.  --  Ken Livingstone .
The day after Columbine, I was interviewed... The reporter had been assigned a theory and was seeking sound bites to support it. "Wouldn't you say," she asked, "that killings like this are influenced by violent movies?" No, I said, I wouldn't say that... The reporter looked disappointed, so I offered her my theory. "Events like this," I said, "if they are influenced by anything, are influenced by news programs like your own. When an unbalanced kid walks into a school and starts shooting, it becomes a major media event. Cable news drops ordinary programming and goes around the clock with it. The story is assigned a logo and a theme song ... The message is clear to other disturbed kids around the country: If I shoot up my school, I can be famous..."  --  Roger Ebert .
We are gradually being conditioned to accept violence as a sensual pleasure. The directors used to say they were showing us its real face and how ugly it was in order to sensitize us to its horrors. You don't have to be very keen to see that they are now in fact desensitizing us. They are saying that everyone is brutal, and the heroes must be as brutal as the villains or they turn into fools. There seems to be an assumption that if you're offended by movie brutality, you are somehow playing into the hands of the people who want censorship. ... Yet surely, when night after night atrocities are served up to us as entertainment, it's worth some anxiety. ... How can people go on talking about the dazzling brilliance of movies and not notice that the directors are sucking up to the thugs in the audience?  --  Pauline Kael .
If there's not love present, it's much, much harder to function. When there's love present, it's easier to deal with life.  --  Brian Wilson .
I grew up knowing I could have had a million different lives. It makes your life mysterious and your imagination go wild.  --  KT Tunstall .
Absurdity, n. A statement or belief manifestly inconsistent with one's own opinion.  --  Ambrose Bierce .
I always disagree ... when people end up saying that we can only combat Communism, Fascism or what not if we develop an equal fanaticism. It appears to me that one defeats the fanatic precisely by not being a fanatic oneself, but on the contrary by using one's intelligence. In the same way, a man can kill a tiger because he is not like a tiger and uses his brain to invent the rifle, which no tiger could ever do.  --  George Orwell .
A knowledge of history as detailed as possible is essential if we are to comprehend the present and be prepared for the future. Fate ... is not the blind superstition or helplessness that waits stupidly for what may happen. Fate is unalterable only in the sense that given a cause, a certain result must follow, but no cause is inevitable in itself, and man can shape his world if he does not resign himself to ignorance.  --  Pearl S. Buck .
A happy life consists not in the absence, but in the mastery of hardships.  --  Helen Keller .
To renounce liberty is to renounce being a man, to surrender the rights of humanity and even its duties. For him who renounces everything no indemnity is possible. Such a renunciation is incompatible with man's nature; to remove all liberty from his will is to remove all morality from his acts.  --  Jean-Jacques Rousseau .
"Men have forgotten this truth," said the fox. "But you must not forget it. You become responsible, forever, for what you have tamed."  --  Antoine de Saint-Exupéry in The Little Prince .
"Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone." -- Anthony Burgess .
"A successful man is one who makes more money than his wife can spend. A successful woman is one who can find such a man." -- Lana Turner .
"Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I." -- Oscar Levant .
"A woman's mind is cleaner than a man's: She changes it more often. " -- Oliver Herford .
"Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes." -- Jim Carrey .
"People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do." -- Isaac Asimov .
"The universe is a big place, perhaps the biggest." -- Kurt Vonnegut .
"Conscience is a mother-in-law whose visit never ends." -- H. L. Mencken .
"Legend: A lie that has attained the dignity of age." -- H. L. Mencken .
"The only really happy folk are married women and single men." -- H. L. Mencken .
"There is always an easy solution to every problem - neat, plausible, and wrong." -- H. L. Mencken .
"Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who would want to live in an institution?" -- H. L. Mencken .
"Strike an average between what a woman thinks of her husband a month before she marries him and what she thinks of him a year afterward, and you will have the truth about him." -- H. L. Mencken .
"An idealist is one who, on noticing that a rose smells better than a cabbage, concludes that it will also make better soup. -- H. L. Mencken .
"A cynic is a man who, when he smells flowers, looks around for a coffin." -- H. L. Mencken .
Marge: Now, I know you haven't liked some of my past suggestions, like switching to the metric system -- Abe: The metric system is the tool of the devil! My car gets forty rods to the hogshead and that's the way I likes it.  -- The Simpsons episode "A Star is Burns" .
"Let's be very honest about what this is about. It's not about bashing Democrats, it's not about taxes, they have no idea what the Boston tea party was about, they don't know their history at all. This is about hating a black man in the White House.  This is racism straight up." -- Janeane Garofalo .
"If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?" -- Steven Wright .
"We can repair anything. (Please knock hard on the door - the bell doesn't work.)" -- Sign on door of repair shop .
"A verbal contract is not worth the paper it's written on." -- Samuel Goldwyn .
"Facts are stupid things." -- Ronald Reagan, Former U.S. President .
"I never comment on referees and I'm not going to break the habit of a lifetime for that prat." -- Ron Atkinson .
"Solutions are not the answer." -- Richard Nixon, former U.S. President .
"Reports are sketchy, but we have heard that in the first heart transplant operation in Belgium, both patient and donor are doing fine." -- Radio news announcer .
"I knew I was an unwanted baby when I saw that my bath toys were a toaster and a radio." -- Joan Rivers .
"I don't feel we did wrong in taking this great country away from them. There were great numbers of people who needed new land, and the Indians were selfishly trying to keep it for themselves." -- John Wayne, Actor .
"Happiness is your dentist telling you it won't hurt and then having him catch his hand in the drill." -- Johnny Carson .
"A dentist at work in his vocation always looks down in the mouth." -- George D. Prentice .
"Every tooth in a man's head is more valuable than a diamond." -- Miguel de Cervantes, Don Quixote, 1605 .
"If suffering brought wisdom, the dentist’s office would be full of luminous ideas." -- Mason Cooley .
"You don't have to brush your teeth - just the ones you want to keep." -- Unknown .
"Some tortures are physical And some are mental, But the one that is both Is dental." -- Ogden Nash .
"Too many of today's children have straight teeth and crooked morals." -- Unknown high school principal .
"The man with a toothache thinks everyone happy whose teeth are sound." -- George Bernard Shaw .
"Dentist: a prestidigitator who, putting metal into your mouth, pulls coin out of your pocket." -- Ambrose Bierce .
"I find that most men would rather have their bellies opened for five hundred dollars than have a tooth pulled for five." -- Martin H. Fischer .
"For there was never yet philosopher That could endure the toothache patiently.  -- William Shakespeare, Much Ado About Nothing .
"We do have a zeal for laughter in most situations, give or take a dentist." -- Joseph Heller .
"Even pearls are dark before the whiteness of his teeth." -- William R. Alger .
"If a patient cannot clean his teeth, no dentist can clean them for him." -- Martin H. Fischer .
"An aching tooth is better out than in.  To lose a rotting member is a gain." -- Richard Baxter, Poetical Fragments .
"My health plan doesn't cover dental, so I enrolled my teeth as 32 dependents, each needing a complete physical once a year." -- Robert Brault, www.robertbrault.com .
"A man loses his illusions first, his teeth second, and his follies last." -- Helen Rowland .
"There are two things in life that a sage must preserve at every sacrifice, the coats of his stomach and the enamel of his teeth.  Some evils admit of consolations, but there are no comforters for dyspepsia and the toothache." -- Henry Lytton Bulwer .
"You know, sometimes a man just can't satisfy all of a woman's desires.  Which is why God invented dental floss." -- Author Unknown .
"Adam and Eve had many advantages, but the principal one was that they escaped teething." -- Mark Twain .
"The tongue is ever turning to the aching tooth." -- Thomas Fuller .
"Some old women and men grow bitter with age; the more their teeth drop out, the more biting they get." -- George D. Prentice .
"I had very good dentures once.  Some magnificent gold work.  It's the only form of jewelry a man can wear that women fully appreciate." -- Graham Greene .
"I'm always amazed to hear of air crash victims so badly mutilated that they have to be identified by their dental records.  What I can't understand is, if they don't know who you are, how do they know who your dentist is?" -- Paul Merton .
"Tooth decay was a perennial national problem that meant a mouthful of silver for patients, and for dentists a pocketful of gold." -- Claudia Wallis .
"Teeth extracted by the latest methodists." -- Hong Kong dental advertisement .
"If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight." -- George Gobel .
"There is no housing shortage in Lincoln today - just a rumour that is put about by people who have nowhere to live." -- G.L. Murfin, Mayor of Lincoln .
"You mean they've scheduled Yom Kippur opposite Charlie's Angels?" -- Fred Silverman, TV programmer, when told that Yom Kippur would fall on a Wednesday.  .
"Beyond its entertainment value, Baywatch has enriched and, in many cases, helped save lives. I'm looking forward to the opportunity to continue with a project which has has such a significance for so many." -- David Hasselhoff, Actor .
"Many people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so." -- Bertrand Russell .
"Many a man will have the courage to die gallantly, but will not have the courage to say, or even to think, that the cause for which he is asked to die is an unworthy one." -- Bertrand Russell .
"Liberty is the right to do what I like; license, the right to do what you like." -- Bertrand Russell .
"It is preoccupation with possessions, more than anything else, that prevents us from living freely and nobly." -- Bertrand Russell .
"In America everybody is of the opinion that he has no social superiors, since all men are equal, but he does not admit that he has no social inferiors, for, from the time of Jefferson onward, the doctrine that all men are equal applies only upwards, not downwards." -- Bertrand Russell .
"If there were in the world today any large number of people who desired their own happiness more than they desired the unhappiness of others, we could have a paradise in a few years." -- Bertrand Russell .
"I've made an odd discovery. Every time I talk to a savant I feel quite sure that happiness is no longer a possibility.  Yet when I talk with my gardener, I'm convinced of the opposite." -- Bertrand Russell .
"I think we ought always to entertain our opinions with some measure of doubt. I shouldn't wish people dogmatically to believe any philosophy, not even mine." -- Bertrand Russell .
"I remain convinced that obstinate addiction to ordinary language in our private thoughts is one of the main obstacles to progress in philosophy." -- Bertrand Russell .
"Freedom in general may be defined as the absence of obstacles to the realization of desires." -- Bertrand Russell .
"Democracy is the process by which people choose the man who'll get the blame." -- Bertrand Russell .
"A lot of these people who keep a gun at home for safety are the same ones who refuse to wear a seat belt." -- George Carlin .
"New programmers are drawn to multithreading like moths to flame, with similar results." -- Tweet by Danny Thorpe .
"Heck, I don't age in my mind - people around me just keep getting younger.  :^)" -- Van Swofford in e.p.delphi.non-technical .
"The clue train passed his station without stopping." -- John Simmons / outlaw programmer .
"Real programmers just throw a bunch of 1s and 0s at the computer to see what sticks" -- Pete O'Hanlon .
"Not only do you continue to babble nonsense, you can't even correctly remember the nonsense you babbled just minutes ago." -- Rob Graham .
Acton's Law: Power tends to corrupt; absolute power corrupts absolutely.  .
Albrecht's Law: Social innovations tend to the level of minimum tolerable well-being.  .
Allen's (or Cann's) Axiom: When all else fails, read the instructions.  .
Boren's First Law: When in doubt, mumble.  .
Bo Diddeley's Observation On The Law: Always take a lawyer with you, and bring another lawyer to watch him.  .
Bove's Theorem: The remaining work to finish in order to reach your goal increases as the deadline approaches.  .
Bowie's Theorem: If an experiment works, you must be using the wrong equipment.  .
Brilliant's Observation On Modern Art: Not all our artists are playing a joke on the public. Some are genuinely mad.  .
Brilliant's Law Of Limited Ambition: If you can't learn how to do it well, learn how to enjoy doing it poorly.  .
Brook's Law: Adding manpower to a late software project makes it later.  .
Canada Bill Jones' Motto: It's morally wrong to allow naive end users to keep their money.  .
Cann's (or Allen's) Axiom: When all else fails, read the instructions.  .
Carlson's Consolation: Nothing is ever a complete failure; it can always serve as a bad example.  .
Clarke's Third Law: Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.  .
Cohn's Law: The more time you spend in reporting on what you are doing, the less time you have to do anything.  Stability is achieved when you spend all your time reporting on the nothing you are doing.  .
Conway's Law: In any organization there will always be one person who knows what is going on.  This person must be fired.  .
Law Of Continuity: Experiments should be reproducible.  They should all fail in the same way.  .
Correspondence Corollary: An experiment may be considered a success if no more than half of your data must be discarded to obtain correspondence with your theory.  .
Cropp's Law: The amount of work done varies inversely with the amount of time spent in the office.  .
Cutler Webster's Law: There are two sides to every argument, unless a person is personally involved, in which case there is only one.  .
Deadline-Dan's Demo Demonstration: The higher the "higher-ups" are who've come to see your demo, the lower your chances are of giving a successful one.  .
Deadline-Dan's Demon: Every task takes twice as long as you think it will take. If you double the time you think it will take, it will actually take four times as long.  .
Demian's Observation: There is always one item on the screen menu that is mislabeled and should read "ABANDON HOPE ALL YE WHO ENTER HERE".  .
Denniston's Law: Virtue is its own punishment.  .
Dow's Law: In a hierarchical organization, the higher the level, the greater the confusion.  .
Dr. Caligari's Come-Back: A bad sector disk error occurs only after you've done several hours of work without performing a backup.  .
Estridge's Law: No matter how large and standardized the marketplace is, IBM can redefine it.  .
Finagle's Laws: 1. Once a job is fouled up, anything done to improve it makes it worse.  2. No matter what results are expected, someone is always willing to fake it.  3. No matter what the result, someone is always eager to misinterpret it.  4. No matter what occurs, someone believes it happened according to his pet theory.  .
Finagle's Rules: 1. To study an application best, understand it thoroughly before you start.  2. Always keep a record of data. It indicates you've been working.  3. Always draw your curves, then plot the reading.  4. In case of doubt, make it sound convincing.  5. Program results should always be reproducible. They should all fail in the same way.  6. Do not believe in miracles. Rely on them.  .
Finagle's Law Of Government Contracting: Dealing with the government is like kicking a 300-pound sponge.  .
Finagle's Law Of Military Superiority: The bigger they are The harder they hit.  .
Finster's Law: A closed mouth gathers no feet.  .
First Rule Of History: History doesn't repeat itself -- historians merely repeat each other.  .
Flo Capp's Observation: The next best thing to doing something smart is not doing something stupid.  .
Franklin's Rule: Blessed is the end user who expects nothing, for he/she will not be disappointed.  .
Gilb's Laws Of Unreliability: 1. At the source of every error which is blamed on the computer you will find at least two human errors, including the error of blaming it on the computer.  2. Any system which depends on human reliability is unreliable.  3. Undetectable errors are infinite in variety, in contrast to detectable errors, which by definition are limited.  4. Investment in reliability will increase until it exceeds the probable cost of errors, or until someone insists on getting some useful work done.  .
Ginsberg's Theorem: 1. You can't win.  2. You can't break even.  3. You can't even quit the game.  .
Glyme's Formula For Success: The secret of success is sincerity.  Once you can fake that, you've got it made.  .
Goebel's Law Of Useless Difficulty: Just because it's hard Doesn't mean it's worth the effort.  .
Goebel's Second Law Of Useless Difficulty: The fastest way to get something done is to determine that it isn't worth doing.  .
Goebel's Law Of Computer Support: Troubleshooting a computer over the telephone is like having sex through a hole in a board fence.  It can be done but it is neither EASY nor PLEASANT.  .
Goebel's Law Of Software Compatibility: A statement of absolute functional equivalence made in bold print followed by several pages of qualifications is fine.  .
Goebel's Theorem Of Software Schedules: Always multiply a software schedule by pi.  This is because you think you're going in a straight line but always end up going full circle.  .
Goebel's Law Of Product Introductions: A future product release date does NOT say when a product will be introduced.  All it says it that you don't have a chance in HELL of seeing it before that time.  .
Goebel's Observation On Utopia: If everyone believed in Peace they would immediately begin fighting over the best way to achieve it.  .
Goebel's Law Of Intellectual Obscurity: WHAT FUN IS IT TO BE AN EXPERT IF YOU MAKE YOURSELF EASY TO UNDERSTAND?  .
The Golden Rule Of Arts And Sciences: Whoever has the gold makes the rules.  .
Gold's Law: If the shoe fits, it's ugly.  .
Gordon's First Law: If a research project is not worth doing at all, it is not worth doing well.  .
Government's Law: There is an exception to all laws.  .
Green's Law Of Debate: Anything is possible if you don't know what you're talking about.  .
Gummidges's Law: The amount of expertise varies in inverse proportion to the number of statements understood by the general public.  .
Gumperson's Law: The probability of a given event occurring is inversely proportional to its desirability.  .
Hanlon's Razor: Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity.  .
Harp's Corollary To Estridge's Law: Your "IBM PC-compatible" computer grows more incompatible with every passing moment.  .
Harrison's Postulate: For every action, there is an equal and opposite criticism.  .
Heller's Law: The first myth of management is that it exists.  .
Hind's Law of Computer Programming: 1. Any given program, when running, is obsolete.  2. If a program is useful, it will have to be changed.  3. If a program is useless, it will have to be documented.  4. Any given program will expand to fill all available memory.  5. The value of a program is proportional to the weight of its output.  6. Program complexity grows until it exceeds the capability of the programmer who must maintain it.  7. Make it possible for programmers to write programs in English, and you will find that programmers cannot write in English.  .
Hoare's Law Of Large Programs: Inside every large program is a small program struggling to get out.  .
Hubbard's Law: Don't take life too seriously; you won't get out of it alive.  .
Jenkinson's Law: It won't work.  .
Johnson-Laird's Law: Toothache tends to start on Saturday night.  .
Larkinson's Law: All laws are basically false.  .
The Last One's Law Of Program Generators: A program generator creates programs that are more "buggy" than the program generator.  .
Lieberman's Law: Everybody lies; but it doesn't matter, since nobody listens.  .
Lynch's Law: When the going gets tough, everyone leaves.  .
Mason's First Law Of Synergism: The one day you'd sell you soul for something, souls are a glut.  .
May's Law: The quality of correlation is inverely proportional to the density of control. (The fewer the data points, the smoother the curves.) .
Mencken's Law: There is always an easy answer to every human problem -- neat, plausible, and wrong.  .
Meskimen's Law: There's never time to do it right, but always time to do it over.  .
Muir's Law: When we try to pick out anything by itself, we find it hitched to everything else in the universe.  .
Murphy's Laws: 1. If anything can go wrong, it will (and at the worst possible moment).  2. Nothing is as easy as it looks.  3. Everything takes longer than you think it will.  .
Murphy's Fourth Law: If there is a possibility of several things going wrong, the one that will cause the most damage will be the one to go wrong.  .
Murphy's Law Of Thermodynamics: Things get worse under pressure.  .
Ninety-ninety Rule Of Project Schedules: The first ninety percent of the task takes ninety percent of the time, and the last ten percent takes the other ninety percent.  .
Nixon's Theorem: The man who can smile when things go wrong has thought of someone he can blame it on.  .
Nolan's Placebo: An ounce of image is worth a pound of performance.  .
Oliver's Law Of Location: No matter where you are, there you are.  .
O'Reilly's Law Of The Kitchen: Cleanliness is next to impossible.  .
Osborn's Law: Variables won't, constants aren't.  .
O'Toole's Commentary On Murphy's Law: Murphy was an optimist.  .
Parkinson's Law: Work expands to fill the time available for its completion.  .
Parkinson's Law, Modified: The components you have will expand to fill the available space.  .
Peer's Law: The solution to a problem changes the problem.  .
Peter's Principle: In every hierarchy, each employee tends to rise to the level of his incompetence.  .
The Law Of The Perversity Of Nature: You cannot determine beforehand which side of the bread to butter.  .
Pudder's Law: Anything that begins well will end badly. (Note: The converse of Pudder's law is not true.) .
Rhode's Corollary To Hoare's Law: Inside every complex and unworkable program is a useful routine struggling to be free.  .
Robert E. Lee's Truce: Judgement comes from experience; experience comes from poor judgement.  .
Rudin's Law: In a crisis that forces a choice to be made among alternative courses of action, people tend to choose the worst possible course.  .
Rule Of Accuracy: When working toward the solution of a problem it always helps you to know the answer.  .
Ryan's Law: Make three correct guesses consecutively and you will establish yourself as an expert.  .
Sattinger's Law: It works better if you plug it in.  .
Sausage Principle: People who love sausage and respect the law should never watch either one being made.  .
Shaw's Principle: Build a system that even a fool can use, and only a fool will want to use it.  .
SNAFU Equations: 1. Given any problem containing N equations, there will be N+1 unknowns.  2. An object or bit of information most needed will be least available.  3. Any device requiring service or adjustment will be least accessible.  4. Interchangeable devices won't.  5. In any human endeavor, once you have exhausted all possibilities and fail, there will be one solution, simple and obvious, highly visible to everyone else.  6. Badness comes in waves.  .
Stewart's Law Of Retroaction: It is easier to get forgiveness than permission.  .
Thoreau's Theories Of Adaptation: 1. After months of training and you finally understand all of a program's commands, a revised version of the program arrives with an all-new command structure.  2. After designing a useful routine that gets around a familiar "bug" in the system, the system is revised, the "bug" taken away, and you're left with a useless routine.  3. Efforts in improving a program's "user friendliness" invariable lead to work in improving user's "computer literacy".  4. That's not a "bug", that's a feature!  .
Thyme's Law: Everything goes wrong at once.  .
The Law Of The Too Solid Goof: In any collection of data, the figures that are obviously correct beyond all need of checking contain the errors.  Corollary 1: No one you ask for help will see the error either.  Corollary 2: Any nagging intruder, who stops by with unsought advice, will spot it immediately.  .
Unnamed Law: If it happens, it must be possible.  .
Weiler's Law: Nothing is impossible for the man who doesn't have to do the work.  .
Weinberg's Corollary: An expert is a person who avoids the small errors while sweeping on to the grand fallacy.  .
Weinberg's Law: If builders built buildings the way programmers write programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilization.  .
Whitehead's Law: The obvious answer is always overlooked.  .
Wilcox's Law: A pat on the back is only a few centimeters from a kick in the pants.  .
Wood's Axiom: As soon as a still-to-be-finished computer task becomes a life-or-death situation, the power fails.  .
Woodward's Law: A theory is better than its explanation.  .
Zymurgy's First Law Of Evolving System Dynamics: Once you open a can of worms, the only way to recan them is to use a larger can.  .
Laws Of Project Management: 1. No major project is ever installed on time, within budgets, with the staff that started it.  Yours will not be the first.  2. Projects progress quickly until they become 90 percent complete, then they remain at 90 percent complete forever.  3. One advantage of fuzzy project objectives is that they let you avoid the embarrassment of estimating the corresponding costs.  4. When things are going well, something will go wrong. When things just can't get any worse, they will. When things appear to be going better you have overlooked something.  5. If project content is allowed to change freely, the rate of change will exceed the rate of progress.  6. No system is ever completely debugged. Attempts to debug a system inevitably introduce new bugs that are even harder to find.  7. A carelessly planned project will take three times longer to complete than expected; a carefully planned project will take only twice as long.  8. Project teams detest progress reporting because it vividly manifests their lack of progress.  .
"You can't rush good cooking, you can't rush babies out, and you can't rush software development". -- Unknown .
"To eat well in England, you should have breakfast three times a day." -- W. Somerset Maugham, 1925 .
"Maybe her popularity stems from the fact that watching her is sometimes like watching a train wreck." -- John McCain's daughter Meghan about Ann Coulter .
"Do you ever wake up in the middle of the night and just think to yourself, 'I am just full of hot gas?'" -- David Letterman to Rush Limbaugh .
"I told my wife that I had a living will: I do not wish to be fed liquids from a bottle and hooked to a machine. So she turned off the TV and threw away the beer." -- Bob Hipsley .
"The only function of economic forecasting is to make astrology look respectable." -- John Kenneth Galbraith .
"The government of the United States is in no sense founded on the Christian Religion." -- George Washington "I do not find in Christianity one redeeming feature." -- Thomas Jefferson "The Bible is not my book, nor Christianity my religion." -- Abraham Lincoln "A just government has no need for the clergy or the church." -- James Madison "I believe in an America where religious intolerance will someday end... where every man has the same right to attend or not attend the church of his choice." -- John F. Kennedy "We are a nation of Christians and Muslims, Jews and Hindus -- and nonbelievers." -- Barack Obama .
"If you can't be a good example, then you'll just have to serve as a horrible warning." -- Catherine Aird .
"And the users exclaimed with a laugh and a taunt: 'It's just what we asked for but not what we want.'" .
"I really hate this damned machine I wish that they would sell it.  It never does quite what I want But only what I tell it." .
"If the lessons of history teach us anything it is that nobody learns the lessons that history teaches us." .
"Real computer scientists despise the idea of actual hardware.  Hardware has limitations, software doesn't. It's a real shame that Turing machines are so poor at I/O." .
"Sufficiently advanced incompetence is indistinguishable from malice." .
"The Six Phases of a Project:" o Enthusiasm o Disillusionment o Panic o Search for the Guilty o Punishment of the Innocent o Praise for non-participants" .
"Theory is when you know something, but it doesn't work. Practice is when something works, but you don't know why. Programmers combine theory and practice: Nothing works and they don't know why." .
"If there's one thing worse than a program that doesn't work when it should, it's a program that does work when it shouldn't." -- Bob Archer .
"There's a fine line between being on the leading edge and being in the lunatic fringe." -- Frank Armstrong .
"Once a new technology starts rolling, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road." -- Stewart Brand .
"Einstein argued that there must be simplified explanations of nature, because God is not capricious or arbitrary. No such faith comforts the software engineer." -- Fred Brooks .
"Good judgement comes from experience, and experience comes from bad judgement." -- Fred Brooks .
"Plan to throw one away, you will anyhow." -- Fred Brooks .
"...well over half of the time you spend working on a project (on the order of 70 percent) is spent thinking, and no tool, no matter how advanced, can think for you. Consequently, even if a tool did everything except the thinking for you -- if it wrote 100 percent of the code, wrote 100 percent of the documentation, did 100 percent of the testing, burned the CD-ROMs, put them in boxes, and mailed them to your customers -- the best you could hope for would be a 30 percent improvement in productivity. In order to do better than that, you have to change the way you think." -- Fred Brooks [paraphrased] as quoted from Allen Holub's http://www.javaworld.com/javaworld/jw-07-1999/jw-07-toolbox.html .
"The act of focusing our mightiest intellectual resources on the elusive goal of goto-less programs has helped us get our minds off all those really tough and possibly unresolvable problems and issues with which today's professional programmer would otherwise have to grapple." -- John Brown .
"The first 90% of the code accounts for the first 90% of the development time. The remaining 10% of the code accounts for the other 90% of the development time." -- Tom Cargill .
"... the cost of adding a feature isn't just the time it takes to code it. The cost also includes the addition of an obstacle to future expansion. ... The trick is to pick the features that don't fight each other." -- John Carmack .
"Trying to get into the details seems to be a religious issue -- nearly everybody is convinced that every style but their own is ugly and unreadable. Leave out the "but their own" and they're probably right..." -- Jerry Coffin on indentation .
"The behavior of any bureaucratic organization can best be understood by assuming that it is controlled by a secret cabal of its enemies." -- Robert Conquest's Second Law of Politics .
"C++ tries to guard against Murphy, not Machiavelli." -- Damian Conway .
"Organizations which design systems are constrained to produce designs which are copies of the communication structures of these organizations. (For example, if you have four groups working on a compiler, you'll get a 4-pass compiler)" -- Conway's Law .
"Programmers are in a race with the Universe to create bigger and better idiot-proof programs, while the Universe is trying to create bigger and better idiots. So far the Universe is winning." -- Rich Cook .
"It has been said that the great scientific disciplines are examples of giants standing on the shoulders of other giants.  It has also been said that the software industry is an example of midgets standing on the toes of other midgets." -- Alan Cooper About Face .
"Style distinguishes excellence from accomplishment." -- James Coplien .
"Learning is not compulsory. Neither is survival." -- W. Edwards Deming .
"To iterate is human, to recurse divine." -- L. Peter Deutsch .
"Just because the standard provides a cliff in front of you, you are not necessarily required to jump off it." -- Norman Diamond .
"A most important, but also most elusive, aspect of any tool is its influence on the habits of those who train themselves in its use. If the tool is a programming language this influence is, whether we like it or not, an influence on our thinking habits." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"It is practically impossible to teach good programming style to students that have had prior exposure to Basic; as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"Simplicity is prerequisite for reliability" -- Edsger W. Dijkstra .
"The competent programmer is fully aware of the strictly limited size of his own skull; therefore he approaches the programming task in full humility, and among other things he avoids clever tricks like the plague." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"Any code of your own that you haven't looked at for six or more months might as well have been written by someone else." -- Eagleson's law .
"Do not worry about your difficulties in mathematics. I can assure you that mine are still greater." -- Albert Einstein .
"Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler." -- Albert Einstein .
"Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe." -- Albert Einstein .
"I have always found that plans are useless, but planning is indispensable." -- Dwight Eisenhower .
"A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson .
"For a sucessful technology, honesty must take precedence over public relations for nature cannot be fooled." -- Richard Feynman .
"The first principle is that you must not fool yourself - and you are the easiest person to fool." -- Richard Feynman .
"The inside of a computer is as dumb as hell but it goes like mad!" -- Richard Feynman .
"You can know the name of a bird in all the languages of the world, but when you're finished, you'll know absolutely nothing whatever about the bird... So let's look at the bird and see what it's doing -- that's what counts. I learned very early the difference between knowing the name of something and knowing something." -- Richard Feynman .
"One of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs." -- Robert Firth .
"There is not now, nor has there ever been, nor will there ever be, any programming language in which it is the least bit difficult to write bad code." -- Flon's Law .
"Comparing to another activity is useful if it helps you formulate questions, it's dangerous when you use it to justify answers." -- Martin Fowler .
"Simplicity carried to the extreme becomes elegance." -- Jon Franklin .
"If you want a girlfriend, avoid working in the computer games industry like the plague. If you work seven days a week, 15 hours a day for almost two years, with barely enough time for a pint, you have no time whatsoever for relationships. Plus computer-games makers are regarded as being about as hip and cool as abattoir workers." -- Toby Gard, creator of Lara Croft.  .
"Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight." -- Bill Gates .
"Good programmers use their brains, but good guidelines save us having to think out every case." -- Francis Glassborow .
"Software obeys the law of gaseous expansion - it continues to grow until memory is completely filled." -- Larry Gleason .
"An API that isn't comprehensible isn't usable." -- James Gosling .
"How the teacher reacts when something goes wrong tells the class what's important." -- Bruce Hamilton .
"Never attribute to malice that which is adequately explained by stupidity." -- Hanlon's razor .
"The road to wisdom?" Well its plain and simple to express: Err and err and err again, but less and less and less." -- Piet Hein .
"Moving parts in rubbing contact require lubrication to avoid excessive wear. Honorifics and formal politeness provide the lubrication where people rub together. Often the very young, the untraveled, the naive, the unsophisticated deplore these formalities as "empty," "meaningless," or "dishonest," and scorn to use them. No matter how "pure" their motives, they thereby throw sand into machinery that does not work too well at best." -- Robert A. Heinlein .
"There are perhaps 5% of the population that simply *can't* think.  There are another 5% who *can*, and *do*.  The remaining 90% *can* think, but *don't*." -- Robert A. Heinlein .
"The open secrets of good design practice include the importance of knowing what to keep whole, what to combine, what to separate, and what to throw away." -- Kevlin Henny .
"We are apt to shut our eyes against a painful truth.... For my part, I am willing to know the whole truth; to know the worst; and to provide for it." -- Patrick Henry .
"There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies.  And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies." -- C.A.R. Hoare .
"The unavoidable price of reliability is simplicity." -- C.A.R. Hoare .
"The ability to simplify means to eliminate the unnecessary so that the necessary may speak." -- Hans Hoffmann .
"It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law." -- Hofstadter's Law .
"It's not at all important to get it right the first time. It's vitally important to get it right the last time." -- Andrew Hunt and David Thomas .
"Rules of Optimization:" Rule 1: Don't do it.  Rule 2 (for experts only): Don't do it yet." -- M.A. Jackson .
"Before software can be reusable it first has to be usable." -- Ralph Johnson .
"First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." -- John Johnson .
"It's so easy to become mesmerized by the immediacy of a result that you don't question its validity." -- Naomi Karten .
"Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves." -- Alan Kay .
"Perl is another example of filling a tiny, short-term need, and then being a real problem in the longer term." -- Alan Kay .
"We are faced with an insurmountable opportunity." -- W. Kelley .
"As we said in the preface to the first edition, C 'wears well as one's experience with it grows.' With a decade more experience, we still feel that way." -- Brian Kernighan and Dennis Ritchie .
"Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it." -- Brian W. Kernighan .
"Trying to outsmart a compiler defeats much of the purpose of using one." -- Kernighan and Plauger, The Elements of Programming Style.  .
"A charlatan makes obscure what is clear; a thinker makes clear what is obscure." -- Hugh Kingsmill .
"... the designer of a new system must not only be the implementor and the first large-scale user; the designer should also write the first user manual. ... If I had not participated fully in all these activities, literally hundreds of improvements would never have been made, because I would never have thought of them or perceived why they were important." -- Donald Knuth .
"Any inaccuracies in this index may be explained by the fact that it has been sorted with the help of a computer." -- Donald Knuth Sorting and Searching .
"Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it." -- Donald Knuth .
"Computers are good at following instructions, but not at reading your mind." -- Donald Knuth .
"Let us change our traditional attitude to the construction of programs. Instead of imagining that our main task is to instruct a computer what to do, let us concentrate rather on explaining to human beings what we want a computer to do." -- Donald Knuth .
"TeX has found at least one bug in every Pascal compiler it's been run on, I think, and at least two in every C compiler." -- Donald Knuth .
"The process of preparing programs for a digital computer is especially attractive, not only because it can be economically and scientifically rewarding, but also because it can be an aesthetic experience much like composing poetry or music." -- Donald Knuth .
"These machines have no common sense; they have not yet learned to 'think', and they do exactly as they are told, no more and no less. This fact is the hardest concept to grasp when one first tries to use a computer." -- Donald Knuth .
"You're bound to be unhappy if you optimize everything." -- Donald Knuth .
"Programming can be fun, so can cryptography; however they should not be combined." -- Kreitzberg and Shneiderman .
"The perfect project plan is possible if one first documents a list of all the unknowns." -- Bill Langley .
"Without stress nothing would move." -- Bill Langley .
"But in our enthusiasm, we could not resist a radical overhaul of the system, in which all of its major weaknesses have been exposed, analyzed, and replaced with new weaknesses." -- Bruce Leverett, Register Allocation in Optimizing Compilers .
"There is nothing more difficult to carry out, nor more doubtful of success, nor more dangerous to handle, than to initiate a new order of things. For the reformer has enemies in all those who profit by the old order, and only lukewarm defenders in all those who would profit by the new..." -- Niccolo Macchiavelli, The Prince .
"If you want a product with certain characteristics, you must ensure that the team has those characteristics before the product's development." -- Jim McCarthy and Michele McCarthy - Software for your Head .
"You can't have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families." -- Jim McCarthy .
"Good code is its own best documentation. As you're about to add a comment, ask yourself, 'How can I improve the code so that this comment isn't needed?' Improve the code and then document it to make it even clearer." -- Steve McConnell Code Complete .
"It's hard enough to find an error in your code when you're looking for it; it's even harder when you've assumed your code is error-free." -- Steve McConnell Code Complete .
"Testing by itself does not improve software quality. Test results are an indicator of quality, but in and of themselves, they don't improve it. Trying to improve software quality by increasing the amount of testing is like trying to lose weight by weighing yourself more often. What you eat before you step onto the scale determines how much you will weigh, and the software development techniques you use determine how many errors testing will find. If you want to lose weight, don't buy a new scale; change your diet. If you want to improve your software, don't test more; develop better." -- Steve McConnell Code Complete .
"Incompetents invariably make trouble for people other than themselves." -- Larry McMurtry .
"For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong." -- H L Mencken .
"Haste is of the devil. Slowness is of God." -- H L Mencken .
"Say what you will about the Ten Commandments, you must always come back to the pleasant fact that there are only ten of them." -- H. L. Mencken .
"Correctness is clearly the prime quality. If a system does not do what it is supposed to do, then everything else about it matters little." -- Bertrand Meyer .
"Incorrect documentation is often worse than no documentation." -- Bertrand Meyer .
"A non-virtual function says, you have to do this and you must do it this way. A virtual function says you have to do this, but you don't have to do it this way. That's their fundamental difference." -- Scott Meyers .
"Debugging a Direct3D application can be challenging." -- Microsoft's Direct3D Immediate Mode overview.  .
"Unformed people delight in the gaudy and in novelty. Cooked people delight in the ordinary." -- Erik Naggum .
"Any fool can use a computer. Many do." -- Ted Nelson .
"Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random numbers is, of course, in a state of sin." -- John von Neumann .
"There's no sense being exact about something if you don't even know what you're talking about." -- John von Neumann .
"That's the thing about people who think they hate computers.  What they really hate is lousy programmers." -- Larry Niven and Jerry Pournelle Oath of Fealty .
"The truth does not change according to our ability to stomach it." -- Flannery O'Connor .
"Elegance is not optional" -- Richard O'Keefe .
"The best performance improvement is the transition from the nonworking state to the working state" -- John Ousterhout .
"Complexity kills. It sucks the life out of developers, it makes products difficult to plan, build and test, it introduces security challenges and it causes end-user and administrator frustration." -- Ray Ozzie .
"Good code is short, simple, and symmetrical - the challenge is figuring out how to get there." -- Sean Parent .
"Alas, to wear the mantle of Galileo it is not enough that you be persecuted by an unkind establishment, you must also be right." -- Bob Park .
"Copy and paste is a design error" -- David Parnas .
"Every program has (at least) two purposes: the one for which it was written, and another for which it wasn't." -- Alan J. Perlis .
"There are two ways to write error-free programs; only the third works." -- Alan J. Perlis .
"When someone says, 'I want a programming language in which I need only say what I want done', give him a lollipop." -- Alan Perlis .
"Some problems are so complex that you have to be highly intelligent and well informed just to be undecided about them." -- Laurence J. Peter .
"The most amazing achievement of the computer software industry is its continuing cancellation of the steady and staggering gains made by the computer hardware industry." -- Henry Petroski .
"Computers are useless. They can only give you answers." -- Pablo Picasso .
"Technology is dominated by two types of people: Those who understand what they do not manage. Those who manage what they do not understand." -- Putt's Law .
"Ugly programs are like ugly suspension bridges: they're much more liable to collapse than pretty ones, because the way humans (especially engineer-humans) perceive beauty is intimately related to our ability to process and understand complexity.  A language that makes it hard to write elegant code makes it hard to write good code." -- Eric S. Raymond .
"PHP is a minor evil perpetrated and created by incompetent amateurs, whereas Perl is a great and insidious evil, perpetrated by skilled but perverted professionals." -- Jon Ribbens .
"UNIX is simple. It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity." -- Dennis Ritchie .
"We only acknowledge small faults in order to make it appear that we are free from great ones." -- La Rochefoucauld .
"Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there." -- Will Rogers .
"The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt." -- Bertrand Russell .
"A mathematician is a machine for turning coffee into theorems." -- Alfréd Rényi (also attributed to Paul Erdös) .
"You know you've achieved perfection in design, not when you have nothing more to add, but when you have nothing more to take away." -- Antoine de Saint-Exupery, Wind, Sand and Stars .
"Fashion is something barbarous, for it produces innovation without reason and imitation without benefit." -- George Santayana .
"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it." -- George Santayana .
"If the code and the comments disagree, then both are probably wrong." -- attributed to Norm Schryer .
"It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his salary depends on his not understanding it." -- Upton Sinclair .
"When you start off by telling those who disagree with you that they are not merely in error but in sin, how much of a dialogue do you expect ?"" -- Thomas Sowell .
"If you lie to the compiler, it will get its revenge." -- Henry Spencer .
"Without requirements or design, programming is the art of adding bugs to an empty text file." -- Louis Srygley .
"The primary duty of an exception handler is to get the error out of the lap of the programmer and into the surprised face of the user. Provided you keep this cardinal rule in mind, you can't go far wrong." -- Verity Stob .
"We are tied down to a language which makes up in obscurity what it lacks in style." -- Tom Stoppard .
"A notation is important for what it leaves out." -- Joseph Stoy .
"An organisation that treats its programmers as morons will soon have programmers that are willing and able to act like morons only." -- Bjarne Stroustrup .
"I did say something along the lines of 'C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; C++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows your whole leg off.'" -- Bjarne Stroustrup .
"I have always wished that my computer would be as easy to use as my telephone. My wish has come true. I no longer know how to use my telephone." -- Bjarne Stroustrup .
"The most important single aspect of software development is to be clear about what you are trying to build." -- Bjarne Stroustrup .
"To many managers, getting rid of the arrogant, undisciplined, over-paid, technology-obsessed, improperly-dressed etc.  programmers would appear to be a significant added benefit." -- Bjarne Stroustrup The C++ Programming Language 3e, section 24.2.4 .
"Exceptions relieve the programmer of tedious writing boilerplate code -- without removing the semantics of said code -- and they allow the programmer to arrange the code so that error handling code is more separate from the main program logic." -- Herb Sutter .
"A multithreaded file system is only a performance hack." -- Prof. Andrew S. Tanenbaum .
"I've finally learned what "upward compatible" means. It means we get to keep all our old mistakes." -- Dennie van Tassel .
"There are only two industries that refer to their customers as 'users'." -- Edward Tufte .
"Lord, give us the wisdom to utter words that are gentle and tender, for tomorrow we may have to eat them." -- Rep. Morris Udall .
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." -- Leonardo da Vinci .
"The best is the enemy of the good." -- Voltaire .
"Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer.  There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris." -- Larry Wall .
"We all agree on the necessity of compromise. We just can't agree on when it's necessary to compromise." -- Larry Wall .
"Power is the ability to control things, moral authority is the ability to change things" -- Jim Wallis .
"When one is postulating correlations or causations extant in reality, one should always remember that the human brain is mainly a pattern recognition engine. And it is such a persistent pattern recognition engine that it often perceives patterns where none exist." -- Jeff Walther
"The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails." -- William Arthur Ward
"They always say time changes things, but you actually have to change them yourself." -- Andy Warhol .
"If builders built buildings the way programmers wrote programs, then the first woodpecker that came along would destroy civilisation." -- Gerald Weinberg .
"Naturally we feel that mentally ill people are not what we are looking for when we hire programmers - although there is no empirical data to support or contradict that view... Is it appropriate to give tests for mental illness to anyone applying for any kind of job?" -- Weinberg The Psychology of Computer Programming .
"As soon as we started programming, we found to our surprise that it wasn't as easy to get programs right as we had thought.  Debugging had to be discovered. I can remember the exact instant when I realized that a large part of my life from then on was going to be spent in finding mistakes in my own programs." -- Maurice Wilkes discovers debugging, 1949 .
"Increasingly, people seem to misinterpret complexity as sophistication, which is baffling - the incomprehensible should cause suspicion rather than admiration. Possibly this trend results from a mistaken belief that using a somewhat mysterious device confers an aura of power on the user." -- Niklaus Wirth .
"More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - including blind stupidity." -- W.A. Wulf .
"If you think your management doesn't know what it's doing or that your organisation turns out low-quality software crap that embarrasses you, then leave." -- Edward Yourdon Rise and Resurrection of the American Programmer .
"The purpose of software engineering is to control complexity, not to create it." -- Dr. Pamela Zave .
"Some people, when confronted with a problem, think 'I know, I'll use regular expressions.' Now they have two problems." -- Jamie Zawinski .
"If you plan to throw one away, you will throw away two." -- Craig Zerouni .
"Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place.  Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it." -- Brian Kernighan .
"The city's central computer told you?  R2D2, you know better than to trust a strange computer!" -- C3PO .
"Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live." -- Martin Golding .
"I don't care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine!" -- Vidiu Platon .
"If McDonalds were run like a software company, one out of every hundred Big Macs would give you food poisoning, and the response would be, 'We're sorry, here's a coupon for two more.'" -- Mark Minasi .
"A computer lets you make more mistakes faster than any invention in human history - with the possible exceptions of handguns and tequila." -- Mitch Radcliffe .
"The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit." .
"Mr. Madison, what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul." -- from movie Billy Madison .
"There are, it has been said, two types of people in the world.  There are those who, when presented with a glass that is exactly half full, say: this glass is half full. And then there are those who say: this glass is half empty. The world belongs, however, to those who can look at the glass and say: What's up with this glass? Excuse me? Excuse me? This is my glass? I don't think so. My glass was full! And it was a bigger glass!" -- Terry Pratchett, (The Truth) .
'What our ancestors would really be thinking, if they were alive today, is: "Why is it so dark in here?"' -- Terry Pratchett, (Pyramids) .
"The trouble with having an open mind, of course, is that people will insist on coming along and trying to put things in it." -- Terry Pratchett (Diggers) .
'That seems to point up a significant difference between Europeans and Americans. A European says: "I can't understand this, what's wrong with me?" An American says: "I can't understand this, what's wrong with him?"' -- Terry Pratchett .
"Some humans would do anything to see if it was possible to do it.  If you put a large switch in some cave somewhere, with a sign on it saying 'End-of-the-World Switch. PLEASE DO NOT TOUCH', the paint wouldn't even have time to dry." -- Terry Pratchett (Thief of Time) .
"Give a man a fire and he's warm for the day, but set fire to him and he's warm for the rest of his life." -- Terry Pratchett (Jingo) .
"It is said that your life flashes before your eyes just before you die. That is true, it's called Life." -- Terry Pratchett (The Last Continent) .
"If cats looked like frogs we'd realize what nasty, cruel little bastards they are. Style. That's what people remember." -- Terry Pratchett (Lords and Ladies) .
"Stories of imagination tend to upset those without one." -- Terry Pratchett .
"In ancient times cats were worshipped as gods; they have not forgotten this." -- Terry Pratchett .
"It's not worth doing something unless someone, somewhere, would much rather you weren't doing it." -- Terry Pratchett .
"Time is a drug. Too much of it kills you." -- Terry Pratchett (Small Gods) .
"I'll be more enthusiastic about encouraging thinking outside the box when there's evidence of any thinking going on inside it." -- Terry Pratchett .
"In the beginning there was nothing, which exploded." -- Terry Pratchett (Lords and Ladies) .
"Wisdom comes from experience. Experience is often a result of lack of wisdom." -- Terry Pratchett .
"No! Please! I'll tell you whatever you want to know!" the man yelled.  "Really?" said Vimes. "What's the orbital velocity of the moon?" "What?" "Oh, you'd like something simpler?" -- Terry Pratchett (Night Watch) .
"Real stupidity beats artificial intelligence every time." -- Terry Pratchett (Hogfather) .
"Five exclamation marks, the sure sign of an insane mind." -- Terry Pratchett (Reaper Man) .
"If you have enough book space, I don't want to talk to you." -- Terry Pratchett .
"Coming back to where you started is not the same as never leaving." -- Terry Pratchett (A Hat Full of Sky) .
"A good bookshop is just a genteel Black Hole that knows how to read." -- Terry Pratchett (Guards! Guards!) .
"Just erotic. Nothing kinky. It's the difference between using a feather and using a chicken." -- Terry Pratchett (Eric) .
"I meant," said Ipslore bitterly, "what is there in this world that truly makes living worthwhile?" Death thought about it.  "Cats," he said eventually. "Cats are nice." -- Terry Pratchett (Sourcery) .
"It would seem that you have no useful skill or talent whatsoever,' he said. 'Have you thought of going into teaching?" -- Terry Pratchett (Mort) .
"I'd rather be a climbing ape than a falling angel." -- Terry Pratchett .
"DON'T THINK OF IT AS DYING, said Death. JUST THINK OF IT AS LEAVING EARLY TO AVOID THE RUSH." -- Terry Pratchett (Good Omens) .
"There is a rumour going around that I have found God. I think this is unlikely because I have enough difficulty finding my keys, and there is empirical evidence that they exist." -- Terry Pratchett .
"The whole of life is just like watching a film. Only it's as though you always get in ten minutes after the big picture has started, and no-one will tell you the plot, so you have to work it out all yourself from the clues." -- Terry Pratchett (Moving Pictures) .
"And what would humans be without love?" "Rare," said Death.  -- Terry Pratchett (Sourcery) .
"He'd been wrong, there was a light at the end of the tunnel, and it was a flamethrower." -- Terry Pratchett (Mort) .
"His philosophy was a mixture of three famous schools -- the Cynics, the Stoics and the Epicureans -- and summed up all three of them in his famous phrase, 'You can't trust any bugger further than you can throw him, and there's nothing you can do about it, so let's have a drink.'" -- Terry Pratchett (Small Gods) .
"If complete and utter chaos was lightning, then he'd be the sort to stand on a hilltop in a thunderstorm wearing wet copper armour and shouting 'All gods are bastards!'" -- Terry Pratchett (The Color of Magic) .
"She was already learning that if you ignore the rules people will, half the time, quietly rewrite them so that they don't apply to you." -- Terry Pratchett (Equal Rites) .
"This isn't life in the fast lane, it's life in the oncoming traffic." -- Terry Pratchett .
"Fantasy is an exercise bicycle for the mind. It might not take you anywhere, but it tones up the muscles that can. Of course, I could be wrong." -- Terry Pratchett .
"Always be wary of any helpful item that weighs less than its operating manual." -- Terry Pratchett (Jingo) .
"Over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces of evil... prayer, fasting, good works and so on. Up until Doom, no one seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun. Eat leaden death, demon..." -- Terry Pratchett .
"Many people, meeting Aziraphale for the first time, formed three impressions: that he was English, that he was intelligent, and that he was gayer than a treeful of monkeys on nitrous oxide." -- Terry Pratchett (Good Omens) .
"The presence of those seeking the truth is infinitely to be preferred to the presence of those who think they've found it." -- Terry Pratchett (Monstrous Regiment) .
"Chaos is found in greatest abundance wherever order is being sought. It always defeats order, because it is better organized." -- Terry Pratchett (Interesting Times) .
"The three rules of the Librarians of Time and Space are: 1) Silence; 2) Books must be returned by no later than the date shown; and 3) Do not interfere with the nature of causality." -- Terry Pratchett (Guards! Guards!) .
"Studies have shown that an ant can carry one hundred times its own weight, but there is no known limit to the lifting power of the average tiny eighty-year-old Spanish peasant grandmother." -- Terry Pratchett (Reaper Man) .
"We who think we are about to die will laugh at anything." -- Terry Pratchett (Night Watch) .
"There are, it has been said, two types of people in the world.  There are those who, when presented with a glass that is exactly half full, say: this glass is half full. And then there are those who say: this glass is half empty. The world belongs, however, to those who can look at the glass and say: What's up with this glass? Excuse me? Excuse me? This is my glass? I don't think so.  My glass was full! And it was a bigger glass! Who's been pinching my beer?  And at the other end of the bar the world is full of the other type of person, who has a broken glass, or a glass that has been carelessly knocked over (usually by one of the people calling for a larger glass) or who had no glass at all, because he was at the back of the crowd and had failed to catch the barman's eye. " -- Terry Pratchett (The Truth) .
 "Elves are wonderful. They provoke wonder.  Elves are marvellous. They cause marvels.  Elves are fantastic. They create fantasies.  Elves are glamorous. They project glamour.  Elves are enchanting. They weave enchantment.  Elves are terrific. They beget terror.  The thing about words is that meanings can twist just like a snake, and if you want to find snakes look for them behind words that have changed their meaning. No one ever said elves are nice. Elves are bad." -- Terry Pratchett (Lords and Ladies) .
"I do note with interest that old women in my books become young women on the covers... this is discrimination against the chronologically gifted." --Terry Pratchett .
"Albert grunted. 'Do you know what happens to lads who ask too many questions?' Mort thought for a moment.  'No,' he said eventually, 'what?' There was silence.  Then Albert straightened up and said, 'Damned if I know. Probably they get answers, and serve 'em right.'" -- Terry Pratchett (Mort) .
"It's still magic even if you know how it's done." -- Terry Pratchett (A Hat Full of Sky) .
"If there was anything that depressed him more than his own cynicism, it was that quite often it still wasn't as cynical as real life." -- Terry Pratchett (Guards! Guards!) .
"Insanity is catching." -- Terry Pratchett (Making Money) .
"Gods prefer simple, vicious games, where you Do Not Achieve Transcendence but Go Straight To Oblivion; a key to the understanding of all religion is that a god's idea of amusement is Snakes and Ladders with greased rungs." -- Terry Pratchett (Wyrd Sisters) .
"Getting an education was a bit like a communicable sexual disease. It made you unsuitable for a lot of jobs and then you had the urge to pass it on." -- Terry Pratchett (Hogfather) .
"He'd noticed that sex bore some resemblance to cookery: it fascinated people, they sometimes bought books full of complicated recipes and interesting pictures, and sometimes when they were really hungry they created vast banquets in their imagination - but at the end of the day they'd settle quite happily for egg and chips. If it was well done and maybe had a slice of tomato." -- Terry Pratchett (The Fifth Elephant) .
"The reason that the rich were so rich, Vimes reasoned, was because they managed to spend less money.  Take boots, for example. He earned thirty-eight dollars a month plus allowances. A really good pair of leather boots cost fifty dollars. But an affordable pair of boots, which were sort of OK for a season or two and then leaked like hell when the cardboard gave out, cost about ten dollars. Those were the kind of boots Vimes always bought, and wore until the soles were so thin that he could tell where he was in Ankh-Morpork on a foggy night by the feel of the cobbles.  But the thing was that good boots lasted for years and years. A man who could afford fifty dollars had a pair of boots that'd still be keeping his feet dry in ten years' time, while the poor man who could only afford cheap boots would have spent a hundred dollars on boots in the same time and would still have wet feet.  This was the Captain Samuel Vimes 'Boots' theory of socioeconomic unfairness." -- Terry Pratchett (Men at Arms) .
"Everything starts somewhere, though many physicists disagree.  But people have always been dimly aware of the problem with the start of things. They wonder how the snowplough driver gets to work, or how the makers of dictionaries look up the spelling of words." -- Terry Pratchett (Hogfather) .
"For animals, the entire universe has been neatly divided into things to (a) mate with, (b) eat, (c) run away from, and (d) rocks." -- Terry Pratchett (Equal Rites) .
"My experience in Amsterdam is that cyclists ride where the hell they like and aim in a state of rage at all pedestrians while ringing their bell loudly, the concept of avoiding people being foreign to them.  My dream holiday would be a) a ticket to Amsterdam b) immunity from prosecution and c) a baseball bat." -- Terry Pratchett .
"There's a door." "Where does it go?" "It stays where it is, I think." -- Terry Pratchett (Eric) .
"You don't elect politicians to commit crimes; you elect politicians to make your crimes legal." -- Matt Taibbi .
"Is your argument that the Creator of the Universe was working under a deadline and His manager forced Him to rush inefficient designs into production?" -- John B. Breckenridge in bpot .
"The role of the president of the United States is to support the decisions that are made by the people of Israel. It is not up to us to pick and choose from among the political parties." -- Former White House official Ann Lewis, representing Hillary Clinton. WaPo, Mar 18, 2008.  .
"If you have a procedure with 10 parameters, you probably missed some." -- Alan Perlis .
                ACHTUNG!  ALLES LOOKENSPEEPERS!  Das computermachine ist nicht fuer gefingerpoken und mittengrabben.  Ist easy schnappen der springenwerk, blowenfusen und poppencorken mit spitzensparken.  Ist nicht fuer gewerken bei das dumpkopfen.  Das rubbernecken sichtseeren keepen das cotten-pickenen hans in das pockets muss; relaxen und watchen das blinkenlichten.  -- from "THE JARGON FILE, VERSION 2.9.9, 01 APR 1992 .
"Real Programmers never work from 9 to 5. If any real programmer is around at 9 a.m., it's because they were up all night." -- Some Computer Geek .
"Usenet is like a herd of performing elephants with diarrhea -- massive, difficult to redirect, awe-inspiring, entertaining, and a source of mind-boggling amounts of excrement when you least expect it." -- Gene Spafford .
"Hardware : The parts of a computer system that can be kicked." -- Jeff Pesis .
"I have a spelling checker, It came with my PC; It plainly marks four my revue Mistakes I cannot sea.  I've run this poem threw it, I'm sure your pleased too no, Its letter perfect in it's weigh, My checker tolled me sew." -- Janet Minor, "Spellbound" .
"'Uncle Cosmo, why do they call this a word processor?' 'It's simple, Skyler. You've seen what food processors do to food, right?" -- MacNelley, in "Shoe" .
"If it's there     and you can see it   - it's real.  If it's not there and you can see it   - it's virtual.  If it's there     and you can't see it - it's transparent.  If it's not there and you can't see it - you erased it!" - Scott Hammer (an old IBM VM statement) .
"Crossposting isn't inherently evil, in the same sense that necrophilia doesn't really hurt anybody.  One wonders only whether it's appropriate to the occasion." -- Rick Gordon .
"My suggestion for an Official Usenet Motto: "If you have nothing to say, then come on in, this is the place for you, tell us all about it!" -- Hevard Fosseng [quotation collector] .
"The best way to accelerate a Macintosh is at 9.8 m/sec/sec." -- Marcus Dolengo .
 On the value of binary; the Bible says: "But let your communication be Yea, yea; nay, nay: for whatsoever is more than these cometh of evil." -- (Matthew 5:37) .
"A distributed system is one in which the failure of a computer you didn't even know existed can render your own computer unusable." -- Leslie Lamport .
"Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live." -- John F. Woods .
"To err is human - and to blame it on a computer is even more so." -- Robert Orben .
"A computer once beat me at chess, but it was no match for me at kick boxing." -- Emo Philips .
"If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee - that will do them in." .
"A computer makes it possible to do, in half an hour, tasks which were completely unnecessary to do before." .
"The most overlooked advantage of owning a computer is that if they foul up there's no law against whacking them around a bit." -- Eric Porterfield .
"A computer is like an Old Testament god, with a lot of rules and no mercy" -- Joseph Campbell .
"Two men were examining the output of the new computer in their department. After an hour or so of analyzing the data, one of them remarked: 'Do you realize it would take 400 men at least 250 years to make a mistake this big ?'" .
"Technology: No Place for Wimps!" -- Scott Adams .
"I would much prefer a government run bureaucracy than a for profit bureaucracy. In the first I am at least a stakeholder.  In the latter I'm simply a cost." -- digby in her blog.  .
"Horatio stops by to say really obvious things slowly." -- From IMDb Synopsis for "CSI: Miami - Won't Get Fueled Again" .
"'Abstinence-only sex education' is a little like saying 'Just-hold-it potty training'." -- Roy Zimmerman .
"I hate you, I despise you, I loathe you. Everything about you DISGUSTS me. Your ears, eyes, nose, mouth, tongue, legs, knees, stomach, ribs and bottom make me want to vomit up. You're repulsive, loathsome, grotesque and insupportable. I want to kill you, I want to twist your nipples off and throw them to the dogs. You low corrosive lump of faecal horror; you maniac bastardly turd; I would rather drink stale urine from Norman Fowler's arse-pit than remain one moment longer in your defiling company; you're filth, you're cack, you're the ooze of a burst boil; I abominate you, you towering mound of corrupted slime; your every utterance is like the slithering hiss of a fat maggot in the guts of a decomposing rat; your face is fowler than the unwiped ring of Satan's rectum." -- Stephen Fry, A Bit of Fry and Laurie .
"If economists were held in the same regard as medical practitioners, our courts would be overwhelmed with malpractice suits" -- unknown .
"If all the economists in the world were laid end-to-end, they would still not reach a conclusion." -- unknown "If all the girls from Vassar were laid end-to-end, I wouldn't be surprised." -- Dorothy Parker .
"I suppose that it takes a $1000/hour lawyer to write contracts that a $250/hour lawyer cannot find holes in.  -- John Herbster in b.p.d.non-technical .
"The defense policy of the United States is based on a simple premise: The United States does not start fights. We will never be an aggressor." -- Ronald Reagan .
"War is wretched beyond description, and only a fool or a fraud could sentimentalize its cruel reality." -- Senator John McCain .
"Criticism in a time of war is essential to the maintenance of any kind of democratic government." -- Sen. Robert Taft, (R) Ohio .
"We first fought... in the name of religion, then Communism, and now in the name of drugs and terrorism. Our excuses for global domination always change." -- Serj Tankian .
"Democracy is not an incident that happens overnight, nor a gift that America can give to the world. It is a culture which needs peace to evolve." -- Shirin Ebadi, Nobel Peace Laureate of Iran .
"A belligerent state permits itself every such misdeed, every such act of violence, as would disgrace the individual." -- Sigmund Freud .
"Civilization began the first time an angry person cast a word instead of a rock." -- Sigmund Freud .
"If you live long enough, you'll see that every victory turns into a defeat." -- Simone de Beauvoir .
"The great error of nearly all studies of war... has been to consider war as an episode in foreign policies, when it is an act of interior politics..." -- Simone Weil .
"Terrorism is the war of the poor, and war is the terrorism of the rich." -- Sir Peter Ustinov .
"In modern war there is no such thing as victor and vanquished... There is only a loser, and the loser is mankind." -- U Thant, Burmese UN Secretary General .
"If you kill one person you are a murderer. If you kill ten people you are a monster. If you kill ten thousand you are a national hero." -- Vassilis Epaminondou .
"All murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets." -- Voltaire .
"So long as the deceit ran along quiet and monotonous, all of us let ourselves be deceived, abetting it unawares or maybe through cowardice..." -- William Faulkner .
"The cry has been that when war is declared, all opposition should be hushed. A sentiment more unworthy of a free country could hardly be propagated." -- William Ellery Channing .
"Necessity is the plea for every infringement of human freedom.  It is the argument of tyrants; it is the creed of slaves." -- William Pitt .
"You can no more win a war than you can win an earthquake." -- Jeanette Rankin .
"So apparently Delphi now has both aristocrats [Counts, Cardinals] and dogs [Pointers, Setters] ... <g>" -- Andrew Fiddian-Green in borland.public.delphi.nativeapi.win32 .
"Conservative politics is about simple solutions to complex problems, which usually involve pinning all the blame on someone else. It doesn't matter whether they make any sense - they can be explained in several words, and sound best when yelled." -- Michael Warner in borland.public.off-topic .
"I contend that we are both atheists. I just believe in one fewer god than you do. When you understand why you dismiss all the other possible gods, you will understand why I dismiss yours." -- Stephen Roberts .
"Any intelligent fool can make things bigger, more complex, and more violent. It takes a touch of genius, and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction." -- Albert Einstein .
"Man is certainly stark mad: he cannot make a worm, yet he will make gods by the dozen." -- Michel de Montaigne .
"Civil disobedience, that's not our problem. Our problem is that people are obedient all over the world in the face of poverty and starvation and stupidity, and war, and cruelty. Our problem is that people are obedient while the jails are full of petty thieves, and all the while the grand thieves are running the country. That's our problem." -- Howard Zinn .
"Men will never be free until the last king is strangled with the entrails of the last priest." -- Denis Diderot .
"We, on our side, are praying to Him to give us victory, because we believe we are right; but those on the other side pray to Him, too, for victory, believing they are right. What must He think of us?" -- Abraham Lincoln .
"Invisible Pink Unicorns are beings of awesome mystical power.  We know this because they manage to be invisible and pink at the same time. Like all religions, the Faith of the Invisible Pink Unicorns is based upon both logic and faith. We have faith that they are pink; we logically know that they are invisible because we can't see them." -- Steve Eley .
"All great truths begin as blasphemies." -- George Bernard Shaw .
"The injury we do and the one we suffer are not weighed in the same scale." -- Aesop .
"Take only memories; leave nothing but footprints." -- Chief Seattle .
"They made a wasteland and called it peace." -- Tacitus .
"The law, in its majestic equality, forbids the rich, as well as the poor, to sleep under the bridges, to beg in the streets, and to steal bread." -- Anatole France .
"The philosopher has never killed any priests, whereas the priest has killed a great many philosophers." -- Denis Diderot .
"A terrorist is someone who has a bomb but can't afford an air force." -- William Blum .
"What you do speaks so loud that I cannot hear what you say." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson .
"A time will come when a politician who has willfully made war and promoted international dissension will be ... surer of the noose than a private homicide." -- H. G. Wells .
"A man's ethical behavior should be based effectually on sympathy, education, and social ties and needs; no religious basis is necessary. Man would indeed be in a poor way if he had to be restrained by fear of punishment and hope of reward after death." -- Albert Einstein .
"Disobedience, in the eyes of anyone who has read history, is man's original virtue. It is through disobedience that progress has been made, through disobedience and through rebellion." -- Oscar Wilde .
"When you philosophically oppose an entire power elite, you cannot help but sound like a conspiracy theorist. Social power is by nature a conspiracy." -- Tom N .
"Because I do it with one small ship, I am called a terrorist (pirate?). You do it with a whole fleet and are called an emperor." -- St. Augustine .
"Insanity in individuals is something rare; but in groups, parties, nations, and epochs it is the rule." -- Nietzsche .
"If you talk to God, you are praying. If God talks to you, you have schizophrenia." -- Thomas Szasz .
"Every war when it comes, or before it comes, is represented not as a war but as an act of self-defense against a homicidal maniac." -- George Orwell .
"It was, of course, a lie what you read about my religious convictions, a lie which is being systematically repeated. I do not believe in a personal god and I have never denied this but have expressed it clearly. If something is in me which can be called religious, then it is the unbounded admiration for the structure of the world so far as our science can reveal it." -- Albert Einstein .
"You know your god is man-made when he hates all the same people you do." -- [Usenet] .
"Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty. The obedient must be slaves." -- Henry David Thoreau .
"One man's magic is another man's engineering. Supernatural is a null word." -- Robert Heinlein .
"We must question the story logic of having an all-knowing all-powerful God, who creates faulty humans, and then blames them for his own mistakes." -- Gene Roddenberry .
"The trouble with the world is that the stupid are cocksure and the intelligent are full of doubt." -- Bertrand Russell .
"As with the Christian religion, the worst advertisement for Socialism is its adherents." -- George Orwell .
"A conservative is a man who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run." -- Elbert Hubbard .
"Religion is what keeps the poor from murdering the rich." -- Napoleon .
"Never be deceived that the rich will allow you to vote away their wealth." -- Lucy Parsons .
"If child molestation is actually your concern, how come we don't see Bradley tanks knocking down Catholic churches?" -- Bill Hicks, 1993, referencing the Waco siege .
"Do you see now that your self-righteousness was nothing more than breeding and years of privilege? You know, we are one nation under a god. Yes, you were right. An angry, crack slinging god who decorates with bullets and spent condoms, a blind god whose eyes are just like yours." -- Solipsist by Henry Rollins .
"Religion, comprises a system of wishful illusions together with a disavowal of reality, such as we find in an isolated form nowhere else but in amentia, in a state of blissful hallucinatory confusion." -- Sigmund Freud .
"The ink of the scholar is holier than the blood of the martyr." -- Prophet Muhammad .
"Which is it, is man one of God's blunders or is God one of man's?" -- Nietzsche .
"The compulsion to do good is an innate American trait. Only North Americans seem to believe that they always should, may, and actually can choose somebody with whom to share their blessings. Ultimately this attitude leads to bombing people into the acceptance of gifts." -- Ivan Illich .
"... The biggest detractors of communism and socialism always seem to want to embrace the worst excesses of both." -- <Skullhunter> .
"Kill a man, and you are an assassin. Kill millions of men, and you are a conqueror. Kill everyone, and you are a god." -- Jean Rostand .
"Secular schools can never be tolerated because such schools have no religious instruction, and a general moral instruction without a religious foundation is built on air; consequently, all character training and religion must be derived from faith ... we need believing people." -- Adolf Hitler .
"I never would have agreed to the formulation of the Central Intelligence Agency back in forty-seven, if I had known it would become the American Gestapo." -- Harry S Truman, 1961 .
"Men are not punished for their sins, but by them." -- Elbert G Hubbard .
"I like your Christ; I do not like your Christians. Your Christians are so unlike your Christ." -- Mohandas Gandhi .
"Unless Americans come to realize that they are not stronger in the world because they have the bomb but weaker because of their vulnerability to atomic attack, they are not likely to conduct their policy, in a spirit that furthers the arrival at an understanding." -- Albert Einstein .
"Patriotism is your conviction that this country is superior to all other countries because you were born in it." -- George Bernard Shaw .
"The same people that wrote the bible thought the world was flat." -- Unknown - (disputed) .
"If god created us in his image we have certainly returned the compliment." -- Voltaire .
"Stopping terrorism is simple. Just quit screwing around with other people's countries and the terrorists will go home. But the government of the United States wants to go on screwing around with other people's countries, refuses to stop, indeed views it as Manifest Destiny for the United States Government to persist in screwing around with other people's countries, and views the inconvenience, increased tax burden, loss of civil liberties, and even deaths among the American people as just another cost of doing business." -- Michael Rivero .
"Be happy while you're living, for you're a long time dead." -- Scottish proverb .
"Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching." -- Satchel Paige .
"Git yer guns, the liberal folks are gonna let the coloreds vote!" -- Unknown .
"Be kind; everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle." -- Plato The enemy is anybody who's going to get you killed, no matter which side he is on." -- Joseph Heller .
"It is forbidden to kill; therefore all murderers are punished unless they kill in large numbers and to the sound of trumpets." -- Voltaire .
"Capitalism is the astounding belief that the most wickedest of men will do the most wickedest of things for the greatest good of everyone." -- John Maynard Keynes .
"I distrust those people who know so well what God wants them to do because I notice it always coincides with their own desires." -- Susan B. Anthony .
"If pigs could vote, the man with the slop bucket would be elected swineherd every time, no matter how much slaughtering he did on the side." -- Orson Scott Card .
"It is poverty to decide that a child must die so that you may live as you wish." -- Mother Teresa .
"I'm ineffably tired of pro-war ideologues moaning about how the anti-war folk are just 'complaining' without 'offering solutions' to global dilemmas. Peace doesn't need a freekin moral, ethical, economical, or political qualification; war does. Peace doesn't ravage, plunder, rape, or kill; war does.  Peace does not need justification, war does." -- <|OnAir|> .
"History is an account mostly false, of events mostly unimportant, which are brought about by rulers, mostly knaves, and soldiers, mostly fools." -- Ambrose Bierce .
"The people who have really made history are the martyrs." -- Aleister Crowley .
"Laurel and Hardy, that's John and Yoko. And we stand a better chance under that guise because all the serious people like Martin Luther King, Jr. and Kennedy and Gandhi got shot." -- John Lennon .
"Does anybody know who Lee Harvey Oswald was? . . . And do you know how far away he was? . . . Two hundred and fifty feet. He was two hundred and fifty feet away and shooting at a moving target. He got off three shots with a bolt action rifle in six seconds, and got two hits, including a head shot. Do you know where those men learned to shoot like that? . . . In the Marines! Outstanding! Those individuals showed what one motivated marine and his rifle can do! And before you ladies leave my island, you will be able to do the same thing!" -- Full Metal Jacket .
"I love talking about the Kennedy assassination. The reason I do is because I'm fascinated by it. I'm fascinated that our government could lie to us so blatantly, so obviously for so long, and we do absolutely nothing about it." -- Bill Hicks .
"Men who believe absurdities will commit atrocities." -- Voltaire .
"The nationalist not only does not disapprove of atrocities committed by his own side, but he has a remarkable capacity for not even hearing about them." -- George Orwell .
"Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear, kept us in a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor, with the cry of grave national emergency. Always there has been some terrible evil at home or some monstrous foreign power that was going to gobble us up if we did not blindly rally behind it." -- General Douglas MacArthur .
"Knowledge, idea, belief stands in the way of wisdom." -- J. Krishnamurthi .
"If we'd been born where they were born and taught what they were taught, we would believe what they believe." -- A church sign in Northern Ireland .
"My humble friend, we know not how to live this life which is so short yet seek one that never ends." -- Anatole France .
"It makes no difference as to the name of the God, since love is the real God of all in the world." -- Apache .
"We choose our joys and sorrows long before we experience them." -- Kahlil Gibran .
"Statistically one hundred percent of the shots you don't take don't go in." -- Wayne Gretsky .
"Christianity exceeds all other faiths in its power to deform and finally invert the mental process." -- Ida White .
"God favors no group. Only religions do that." -- Bumper Sticker .
"On the outskirts of every agony sits some observant fellow who points." -- Virginia Woolf .
"The fascist state is the corporate state." -- Benito Mussolini .
"Jehovah was not a moral god. He had all the vices and he lacked all the virtues. He generally carried out all his threats, but he never faithfully kept a promise." -- Robert G. Ingersoll .
"Guns make us powerful; butter will only make us fat." -- Nazi Hermann Goering .
"Life is like an overlong drama through which we sit being nagged by the vague memories of having read the reviews." -- John Updike .
"Everyone likes to say Hitler did this and Hitler did that. But the truth is Hitler did very little. He was a world class asshole, but the evil actually done, from the death camps to World War Two, was all done by citizens who were afraid to question if what they were told by their government was the truth or not, and who because they did not want to admit to themselves that they were afraid to question the government, refused to see the truth behind the Reichstag Fire, refused to see the invasion by Poland was a staged fake, and followed Hitler into national disaster." -- Michael Rivero .
"Each nation knowing it has the only true religion and the only sane system of government, each despising all the others, each an ass and not suspecting it." -- Mark Twain .
"All men are created equal. They are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights, among these are life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness." -- Ho Chi Minh, 1945, as the Democratic Republic of Vietnam was created .
"If there has to be a blood bath, let's get it over with." --Ronald Reagan, Vietnam .
"You will kill ten of our men, and we will kill one of yours, and in the end it will be you who tire of it." -- Ho Chi Minh .
"I ain't got no quarrel with the Vietcong ...  No Vietcong ever called me nigger." -- Muhammad Ali, stripped of boxing title, convicted of a felony for refusing to serve during the Vietnam War .
"I can envision a small cottage somewhere, with a lot of writing paper, and a dog, and a fireplace and maybe enough money to give myself some Irish coffee now and then and entertain my two friends." -- Richard Van de Geer, letter, 1975, last American to die in Vietnam War, Time, 1985 .
"If you are required to kill someone today, on the promise of a political leader that someone else shall live in peace tomorrow, believe me, you are not only a double murderer, you are a suicide, too." -- Katherine Anne Porter .
"I spent thirty-three years in the marines, most of my time being a high-class muscle man for big business, for Wall Street and the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer for capitalism." -- General Smedley Butler, Marine .
"Over breakfast coffee we read of 40,000 American dead in Vietnam. Instead of vomiting, we reach for the toast. Our morning rush through crowded streets is not to cry murder but to hit that trough before somebody else gobbles our share." -- Dalton Trumbo .
"What difference does it make to the dead, the orphans, and the homeless, whether the mad destruction is wrought under the name of totalitarianism or the holy name of liberty and democracy?" -- Mohandas Gandhi .
"It is not so much the suffering as the senselessness of it that is unendurable." -- Nietzsche .
"I dream that someday the United States will be on the side of the peasants in some civil war. I dream that we will be the ones who will help the poor overthrow the rich, who will talk about land reform and education and health facilities for everyone, and that when the Red Cross or Amnesty International comes to count the bodies and take the testimony of women raped, that our side won't be the heavies." -- Richard Cohen .
"Throughout the world, on any given day, a man, woman or child is likely to be displaced, tortured, killed or disappeared, at the hands of governments or armed political groups. More often than not, the United States shares the blame." -- Amnesty International, in its annual report on U.S.  Military aid and human rights, 1996 .
"I am tired of fighting, our chiefs are killed...it is cold and we have no blankets. The little children are freezing to death...hear me, my chiefs, I am tired: my heart is sick and sad. From where the sun now stands...I will fight no more forever..." -- Chief Joseph, before his tribe was slaughtered .
"When great changes occur in history, when great principles are involved, as a rule the majority are wrong." -- Eugene V. Debs .
"Usually when people are sad, they don't do anything. They just cry over their condition. But when they get angry, they bring about a change." -- Malcolm X .
"If we could read the secret history of our enemies, we should find in each man's life sorrow and suffering enough to disarm all hostility." -- Henry Wadsworth Longfellow .
"Where it is a duty to worship the sun, it is pretty sure to be a crime to examine the laws of heat." -- John Morley .
"The Church says that the earth is flat, but I know that it is round, for I have seen its shadow on the moon, and I have more faith in a shadow than in the Church." -- Ferdinand Magellan - (disputed) .
"A casual stroll through the lunatic asylum shows that faith does not prove anything." -- Nietzsche .
"Humanity without religion is like a serial killer without a chainsaw." -- Unknown .
"In all the disputes, which have excited Christians against each other, Rome has invariably decided in favor of that opinion which tended most towards the suppression of the human intellect and the annihilation of the reasoning powers." -- Voltaire .
"Humanity has advanced, when it has advanced, not because it has been sober, responsible, and cautious, but because it has been playful, rebellious, and immature." -- Tom Robbins .
"The most detestable wickedness, the most horrid cruelties, and the greatest miseries that have afflicted the human race have had their origin in this thing called revelation, or revealed religion." -- Thomas Paine .
"I have seldom met an intelligent person whose views were not narrowed and distorted by religion." -- James Buchanan .
"Fascism is capitalism in decay." -- Vladimir Ilyich Lenin .
"Giving money and power to government is like giving whiskey and car keys to teenage boys." -- P. J. O'Rourke .
"The police are not here to create disorder. They're here to preserve disorder." -- Ex-Chicago Mayor Daley during the 1968 riots .
"We need a common enemy to unite us." -- Condoleezza Rice, March 2000 .
"I don't know that atheists should be considered citizens, nor should they be considered patriots. This is one nation under God." -- President George Bush, August 27, 1988 .
"Peace is over rated. Any slave can have peace. Just pick the cotton." -- TheSong .
"Pain is certain, suffering is optional." -- Buddha .
"When did I realize I was God? Well, I was praying and I suddenly realized I was talking to myself." -- Jack Gurney - "The Ruling Class" .
"Could a being create the fifty billion galaxies, each with two hundred billion stars, then rejoice in the smell of burning goat flesh?" -- Ron Patterson .
"The United States is in no sense founded upon the Christian doctrine." -- George Washington Administration Treaty .
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." -- Martin Luther King, Jr.  .
"You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it." -- Malcolm X .
"The great nations have always acted like gangsters, and the small nations like prostitutes." -- Stanley Kubrick .
"The Pope!?! How many divisions has he got?" -- Joseph Stalin .
"Science has done more for the development of western civilization in one hundred years than Christianity did in eighteen hundred years." -- Jeff Burroughs .
"It is my conviction that killing under the cloak of war is nothing but an act of murder." -- Albert Einstein .
"Americans used to roar like lions for liberty; now we bleat like sheep for security." -- Norman Vincent Peale .
"Probably no nation is rich enough to pay for both war and education." -- Braham Flexner .
"It is part of the general pattern of misguided policy that our country is now geared to an arms economy which was bred in an artificially induced psychosis of war hysteria and nurtured upon an incessant propaganda of fear." -- General Douglas MacArthur .
"Everybody's worried about stopping terrorism. Well, there's a really easy way; stop participating in it." -- Noam Chomsky .
"Everyone laughs and cries in the same language." -- dreamslaughter .
"When you give food to the poor, they call you a saint. When you ask why the poor have no food, they call you a communist." -- Archbishop Helder Camara .
"I saw a human skull the other day. There was an inscription below it: 'Look long and hard at me, for I was once as you are and you will soon be as I am.'" -- Unknown .
"I read about an Eskimo hunter who asked the local missionary priest, 'If I did not know about God and sin, would I go to hell?' 'No,' said the priest, 'not if you did not know.' 'Then why,' asked the Eskimo earnestly, 'did you tell me?'" -- Annie Dillard .
"Missionaries are perfect nuisances and leave every place worse than they found it." -- Charles Dickens .
"I am convinced that I am acting as the agent of our Creator.  By fighting off the Jews, I am doing the Lord's work." -- Adolf Hitler .
"What do the nationalists say about killers punishing murderers and thieves sentencing looters?" -- Kahlil Gibran .
"The most heinous and the cruelest crimes of which history has record have been committed under the cover of religion or equally noble motives." -- Mohandas Gandhi .
"Now, my good man, this is no time for making enemies." -- Voltaire, deathbed, when asked to renounce Satan .
"Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too?" -- Douglas Adams .
"I sometimes think that God in creating man somewhat overestimated his ability." -- Oscar Wilde .
"If English was good enough for Jesus, it's good enough for them Mexicans." -- Texas politician, Spanish as a second language .
"The first clergyman was the first rascal who met the first fool." -- Voltaire .
"Democracy is four wolves and a lamb voting on what to have for lunch." -- Ambrose Bierce .
"No one rules if no one obeys." -- <TaoDo> .
"Most of the things worth doing in the world had been declared impossible before they were done." -- Louis Brandeis .
"The history of liberty is a history of resistance. The history of liberty is a history of limitations of governmental power, not the increase of it." -- Woodrow Wilson .
"None are more hopelessly enslaved than those who falsely believe they are free." -- Johann Wolfgang von Goethe .
"It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods, or no God. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg." -- Thomas Jefferson .
"All Bibles are man-made." -- Thomas Edison .
"In nature, there are neither rewards nor punishments; there are consequences." -- Robert G. Ingersoll .
"We always obeyed the law. Isn't that what you do in America?  Even if you don't agree with a law personally, you still obey it. Otherwise life would be chaos." -- Gertrude Scholtz-Klink, explaining Nazi policy .
"I hit him to get his attention. I shot him to calm him down. I killed him to reason with him." -- Henry Rollins .
"Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired signifies in the final sense, a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed.  This world in arms is not spending money alone. It is spending the sweat of its laborers, the genius of its scientists, the hopes of its children. This is not a way of life at all in any true sense. Under the clouds of war, it is humanity hanging on a cross of iron." -- Dwight D. Eisenhower .
"I am strongly in favor of using poisoned gas against uncivilized tribes. The moral effect should be good and it would spread a lively terror." -- Winston Churchill commenting on the British use of poison gas against the Iraqis after World War I .
"How good bad music and bad reasons sound when we march against an enemy!" -- Nietzsche .
"The crimes of the U.S. throughout the world have been systematic, constant, clinical, remorseless, and fully documented but nobody cares to talk about them." -- Harold Pinter .
"How long would authority ... exist, if not for the willingness of the mass to become soldiers, policemen, jailers, and hangmen." -- Emma Goldman .
"You get what anyone gets; you get a lifetime." -- Death, Neil Gaiman Comic Sandman .
"To be wronged is nothing unless you continue to remember it." -- Confucius .
"The truth is that there is nothing noble in being superior to somebody else. The only real nobility is in being superior to your former self." -- Whitney Young .
"If you ever drop your keys into a river of molten lava, let 'em go, because, man, they're gone." -- Jack Handey .
"All our lauded technological progress, our very civilization, is like the axe in the hand of the pathological criminal." -- Albert Einstein .
"We hang the petty thieves and appoint the great ones to public office." -- Aesop .
"In the 1980s capitalism triumphed over communism. In the 1990s it triumphed over democracy." -- David Korten .
"The corporation is a true Frankenstein's monster, an artificial person run amok, responsible only to its own soulless self." -- William Dugger .
"Convictions are more dangerous foes of truth than lies." -- Nietzsche .
"Hain't we got all the fools in town on our side? And ain't that a big enough majority in any town?" -- Mark Twain .
"In matters of conscience, the law of majority has no place." -- Mohandas Gandhi .
"Why tell me that a man is a fine speaker, if it is not the truth that he is speaking?" -- Thomas Carlyle .
"I cannot imagine a God who rewards and punishes the objects of his creation, whose purposes are modeled after our own; a God, in short, who is but a reflection of human frailty. Neither can I believe that the individual survives the death of his body, although feeble souls harbor such thoughts through fear or ridiculous egotisms..." -- Albert Einstein, obituary .
"In every country and every age, the priest has been hostile to liberty." -- Thomas Jefferson .
"A celibate clergy is an especially good idea, because it tends to suppress any hereditary propensity toward fanaticism." -- Carl Sagan .
"I am amazed how many people on this planet are happy and free and never even saw the US constitution." -- <Reason> .
"Authoritarian government required to speak, is silent.  Representative government required to speak, lies with impunity." -- Napoleon .
"There is always a certain meanness in the argument of conservatism, joined with a certain superiority in its fact." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson .
"I have the greatest admiration for your propaganda. Propaganda in the West is carried out by experts who have had the best training in the world, in the field of advertising, and have mastered the techniques with exceptional proficiency. Yours are subtle and persuasive; ours are crude and obvious. I think that the fundamental difference between our worlds, with respect to propaganda, is quite simple. You tend to believe yours and we tend to disbelieve ours." -- A U.S. based Soviet correspondent .
"When you are right you cannot be too radical; when you are wrong you cannot be too conservative." -- Martin Luther King, Jr.  .
"... The CIA has overthrown functioning democracies in over twenty countries." -- John Stockwell, former CIA official .
"When you call yourself an Indian or a Muslim or a Christian or a European, or anything else, you are being violent. Do you see why it is violent? It is because you are separating yourself from the rest of mankind. When you separate yourself by belief, by nationality, by tradition, it breeds violence. So a man who is seeking to understand violence does not belong to any country, to any religion, to any political party or partial system; he is concerned with the total understanding of mankind." -- J. Krishnamurthi .
"Like all dreamers, I mistook disenchantment for truth." -- Jean Paul Sartre .
"If it were all so simple! If only there were evil people somewhere insidiously committing evil deeds, and it were necessary only to separate them from the rest of us and destroy them; but the line dividing good and evil cuts through the heart of every human being. And who is willing to destroy a piece of his own heart?" -- Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn .
"If you speak the truth, have one foot in the stirrup." -- Turkish proverb .
"... Somehow we find it hard to sell our values, namely that the rich should plunder the poor." -- John Foster Dulles .
"To sin by silence when they should protest makes cowards of men." -- Abraham Lincoln .
"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away." -- Philip K. Dick .
"As a child I understood how to give; I have forgotten this grace since I became civilized." -- Ohiyesa, Sioux .
"Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite." -- John Kenneth Galbraith .
"The target suffered a terminal illness before a firing squad in Baghdad." -- CIA officer at US Senate hearing on 1963 overthrow of Iraqi Prime Minister Kassem .
"Those who hate and fight must stop themselves; otherwise it is not stopped." -- Spock, Day of the Dove .
"Can anything be stupider than that a man has the right to kill me because he lives on the other side of a river and his ruler has a quarrel with mine, though I have not quarreled with him?" -- Blaise Pascal .
"I was asked to memorize what I did not understand; and, my memory being so good, it refused to be insulted in that manner." -- Aleister Crowley .
"The greatest artists of this world are never puritans, and seldom even ordinarily respectable." -- H. L. Mencken .
"It is hard to free fools from chains they revere." -- Voltaire .
"There is no real wealth but the labor of man. Where the mountains are of gold and the valleys of silver, the world would not be one grain of corn the richer; not one comfort would be added to the human race." -- Percy B. Shelley .
"Foreign aid is when the poor people of a rich country give money to the rich people of a poor country." -- Gary Hart, BC Comic Strip .
"I don't really miss God, but I sure miss Santa Claus!" -- Courtney Love .
"Distrust all in whom the impulse to punish is powerful." -- Nietzsche .
"Man is the religious animal. He is the only religious animal.  He is the only animal that has the True Religion, several of them. He is the only animal that loves his neighbor as himself and cuts his throat, if his theology isn't straight. He has made a graveyard of the globe in trying his honest best to smooth his brother's path to happiness and heaven." -- Mark Twain .
"The keenest sorrow is to recognize ourselves as the sole cause of all our adversities." -- Sophocles .
"The truth is more important than the facts." -- Frank Lloyd Wright .
"Every great advance in natural knowledge has involved the absolute rejection of authority." -- Thomas Huxley .
"The world is divided into people who think they are right." -- Unknown .
"Faith is belief without evidence in what is told by one who speaks without knowledge, of things without parallel." -- Ambrose Bierce .
"My opinions may have changed, but not the fact that I am right." -- Ashleigh Brilliant .
"Never forget that everything Hitler did in Germany was legal." -- Martin Luther King, Jr.  .
"Pity the warrior that kills all his foe." -- Star Trek .
"Patriotism is the last refuge of a scoundrel." -- Samuel Johnson, English lexicographer, to which Ambrose Bierce replied: 'I beg to submit that it is the first.' .
"Every day people are straying away from the church and going back to God." -- Lenny Bruce .
"A tyrant is always stirring up some war or other, in order that the people may require a leader." -- Plato .
"War is an instrument entirely insufficient toward redressing wrong; and multiplies, instead of indemnifying losses." -- Thomas Jefferson .
"I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use." -- Galileo Galilei .
"The wise man will love; all others will desire." -- Afranius .
"Christianity makes suffering contagious." -- Nietzsche .
"May your fondest wish be granted." -- Traditional Chinese curse .
"Truth is stranger than fiction, but it is because fiction is obliged to stick to possibilities; truth isn't." -- Mark Twain .
"The exact contrary of what is generally believed is often the truth." -- Jean de la Bruyère .
"Life is too short to waste in critical peep or cynic bark, quarrel or reprimand: It will soon be dark." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson .
"Why of course the people don't want war. Why should some poor slob on a farm want to risk his life in a war when the best he can get out of it is to come back to his farm in one piece?  Naturally, the common people don't want war; neither in Russia, nor in England, nor for that matter in Germany. That is understood. But after all, it is the leaders of the country who determine the policy, and it is always a simple matter to drag the people along, whether it is a democracy, or a fascist dictatorship, or a parliament, or a communist dictatorship...  Voice or no voice, the people can always be brought to the bidding of the leaders. That is easy. All you have to do is to tell them they are being attacked, and denounce the pacifists for lack of patriotism and exposing the country to danger." -- Nazi Hermann Goering .
"Believe those who are seeking the truth; doubt those who find it." -- Andre Gide .
"That's not a lie, it's a terminological inexactitude." -- Alexander Haig .
"If one acknowledges a group or a nation willing to commit atrocities, then one must also acknowledges the existence of a nation willing to commit atrocities to blame on the first nation." -- Michael Rivero .
"He who fights with monsters might take care lest he thereby become a monster. For if you gaze for long into an abyss, the abyss gazes also into you." -- Nietzsche .
"It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both." -- Niccolo Machiavelli .
"Whenever I hear anyone arguing for slavery, I feel a strong impulse to see it tried on him personally." -- Abraham Lincoln .
"I prayed for twenty years but received no answer until I prayed with my legs." -- Frederick Douglass, escaped slave .
"So far as I can remember, there is not one word in the Gospels in praise of intelligence." -- Bertrand Russel .
"When encountering a new philosophy or religion, do not convert, but rather assimilate." -- Shawn Mikula .
"You need only reflect that one of the best ways to get yourself a reputation as a dangerous citizen these days is to go about repeating the very phrases which our founding fathers used in the great struggle for independence." -- Attributed to Charles Austin Beard .
"At the risk of seeming ridiculous, let me say that the true revolutionary is guided by great feelings of love. It is impossible to think of a genuine revolutionary lacking this quality." -- Ernesto 'Che' Guevara .
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." -- Edmund Burke .
"The citizen who sees his society's democratic clothes being worn out and does not cry it out, is not a patriot, but a traitor." -- Mark Twain .
"The Christian resolution to find the world ugly and bad has made the world ugly and bad." -- Nietzsche .
"The multitude of books is a great evil. There is no limit to this fever for writing." -- Martin Luther .
"If the doctor told me I had only six minutes to live, I'd type a little faster." -- Isaac Asimov .
"The modern conservative is engaged in one man's oldest exercises in moral philosophy; that is the search for a superior moral justification for selfishness." -- John K. Galbraith .
"Conservatives are not necessarily stupid, but most stupid people are conservatives." -- John Stuart Mill .
"I have examined all of the known superstitions of the world and I do not find in our superstitions of Christianity one redeeming feature. They are all founded on fables and mythology. Christianity has made one-half the world fools and the other half hypocrites." -- Thomas Jefferson .
"It may be that our role on this planet is not to worship God, but to create him." -- Arthur C. Clarke .
"In order to learn, one must change one's mind." -- Orson Scott Card .
"Every anarchist is a baffled dictator." -- Benito Mussolini .
"Everyone's values are defined by what they will tolerate when it is done to others." -- William Greider .
"Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious." -- Oscar Wilde .
"Do not do an immoral thing for moral reasons." -- Thomas Hardy .
"If fifty million people believe a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing." -- Anatole France .
"There must be more to life than having everything." -- Maurice Sendak .
"Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers." -- Alfred, Lord Tennyson .
"He who knows nothing is closer to the truth than he whose mind is filled with falsehoods and errors." -- Thomas Jefferson .
"I had a lover's quarrel with the world." -- Robert Frost .
"Written laws are like spider's webs; they will catch, it is true, the weak and poor, but would be torn in pieces by the rich and powerful." -- Anacharsis .
"Computers are useless. They can only give you answers." -- Pablo Picasso .
"You simply cannot hang a millionaire in America." -- Bourke Cockran .
"We must be willing to let go of the life we have planned, so as to have the life that is waiting for us." -- Joseph Campbell .
"When the president does it that means it is not illegal." -- Richard Nixon .
"War is hell and all that, but it has a good deal to recommend it. It wipes out all the small nuisances of peacetime." -- Ian Hay .
"Patriotism is the willingness to kill and be killed for trivial reasons." -- Bertrand Russell
"All propaganda must be so popular and on such an intellectual level, that even the most stupid of those toward whom it is directed will understand it ... Through clever and constant application of propaganda, people can be made to see paradise as hell, and also the other way around, to consider the most wretched sort of life as paradise." -- Adolf Hitler
"If there was a god, he wouldn't let a guy walk right up and shoot you in the face now would he? That's right, now you get the picture. Truth burns doesn't it?" -- Henry Rollins
"This country, with its institutions, belongs to the people who inhabit it. Whenever they shall grow weary of the existing government, they can exercise their constitutional right of amending it, or exercise their revolutionary right to overthrow it." -- Abraham Lincoln .
"If you believe in the existence of fairies at the bottom of the garden you are deemed fit for the bin. If you believe in parthenogenesis, ascension, transubstantiation and all the rest of it, you are deemed fit to govern the country." -- Jonathan Meades
"Gentlemen, you can't fight in here! This is the War Room!" -- Dr. Strangelove
"I know of no crime that has not been defended by the church, in one form or other. The church is not a pioneer; it accepts a new truth, last of all, and only when denial has become useless." -- Robert G. Ingersoll
"In general the art of government consists in taking as much money as possible from one class of citizens to give to the other." -- Voltaire .
"A nation is a society united by a delusion about its ancestry and by common hatred of its neighbors." -- William R. Inge
"Cast aside those who liken godliness to whimsy and who try to combine their greed for wealth with their desire for a happy afterlife." -- Kahlil Gibran
"If we do not like the world the way it is, then it is because we are not okay the way we are." -- deeshan
"Your every decision conspires to make this moment happen." -- Christi Philpott .
"Yes, my friends, I too am prepared to die for a cause, but there is no cause for which I am prepared to kill." --Mohandas Gandhi .
"Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards." --Vernon Saunders Law .
"It is your business, when the wall next door catches fire." -- Horace .
"Once you have seen certain things, you can't un-see them, and seeing nothing is as political an act as seeing something." -- Arundhati Roy .
"Translate 'Allah'." -- Bumper Sticker .
"Science is always discovering odd scraps of magical wisdom and making a tremendous fuss about its cleverness." -- Aleister Crowley .
"They said I was the greatest pitcher they ever saw; I couldn't understand why they couldn't give me no justice." -- Satchel Paige .
"A conservative government is an organized hypocrisy." -- Benjamin Disraeli .
"In a time of universal deceit, telling the truth is a revolutionary act." -- George Orwell .
"Think my friends! You adulate a stone as Vishnu but you cannot see God in a fellow man." -- Sankaracharya .
"The total absence of humor in the Bible is one of the most singular things in all literature." -- Alfred North Whitehead .
"All I know is that I am not a Marxist." -- Karl Marx .
"There is enough for man's need but not for man's greed." --Mohandas Gandhi .
"Before you speak, ask yourself is it kind, is it necessary, is it true, does it improve on the silence?" -- Shirdi Sai Bab .
"Everything of importance has been said before by somebody who did not discover it." -- Alfred North Whitehead .
"The good Christian should beware of mathematicians and all those who make empty prophecies. The danger already exists that mathematicians have made a covenant with the devil to darken the spirit and confine man in the bonds of Hell." --Saint Augustine .
"I object to violence because when it appears to do good, the good is only temporary; the evil it does is permanent." -- Mohandas Gandhi .
"Truth is for the minority." -- Baltasar Gracián .
"The color of the skin makes no difference. What is good and just for one is good and just for the other. And the Great Spirit made all men brothers." -- White Shield, Arikara .
"The reasonable man adjusts himself to the world, the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself; therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man." -- George Bernard Shaw .
"I did not know how to say goodbye. It was harder still, when I refused to say it." -- Native American saying .
"Never was anything great achieved without danger." -- Niccolo Machiavelli .
"Those who see and feel beyond illusion have acquired a far greater gift than could ever be derived from studying scripture and philosophy books, for these were meant only to guide the blind." -- Shawn Mikula .
"If you understand everything, you must be misinformed." -- Japanese Proverb .
"Theology is never any help; it is searching in a dark cellar at midnight for a black cat that isn't there. Theologians can persuade themselves of anything." -- Robert Heinlein .
"This monkey mythology of Darwin is the cause of permissiveness, promiscuity, prophylactics, perversions, pregnancies, abortions, porno-therapy, pollution, poisoning and proliferation of crimes of all types." -- Judge Braswell Dean .
"There was a time when I believed in the story and the scheme of salvation, so far as I could understand it, just as I believed there was a Devil. Suddenly the light broke through to me and I saw a silly story, and each generation nowadays swallows it with greater difficulty. Why do people go on pretending about this Christianity?" -- H. G. Wells .
"The state has not the right to leave every man free to profess and embrace whatever religion he may desire." -- Pope Pius IX .
"Government is actually the worst failure of civilized man.  There has never been a really good one, and even those that are most tolerable are arbitrary, cruel, grasping and unintelligent." -- H. L. Mencken .
"It's not what you don't know that hurts you. It's what you know that just isn't so." -- Satchel Paige .
"We've got to pause and ask ourselves, how much clean air do we need?" -- Lee Iacocca .
"It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity." -- Albert Einstein .
"The difference between our decadence and the Russians' is that while theirs is brutal, ours is apathetic." -- James Thurber .
"I do not read advertisements. I would spend all of my time wanting things." -- Franz Kafka .
"Don't join the book burners." -- Dwight D. Eisenhower .
"To date, despite the efforts of millions of true believers to support this myth, there is no more evidence for the Judeo-Christian god than any of the gods on Mount Olympus." -- Joseph Daleiden .
"You find as you look around the world that every single bit of progress in humane feeling, every improvement in the criminal law, every step toward the diminution of war, every step toward better treatment of the colored races, or every mitigation of slavery, every moral progress that there has been in the world, has been consistently opposed by the organized churches of the world. I say quite deliberately that the Christian religion, as organized in its churches, has been and still is the principal enemy of moral progress in the world." -- Bertrand Russell .
"Free from desire, you realize the mystery. Caught in desire, you see only the manifestations." -- Tao Te Ching .
"if you keep doing what you've always done, you'll keep getting what you've always gotten." -- Jim Rohn .
"Few people are capable of expressing with equanimity opinions which differ from the prejudices of their social environment.  Most people are even incapable of forming such opinions." -- Albert Einstein .
"Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not simpler." -- Albert Einstein .
"Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men." -- Martin Luther King, Jr.  .
"We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap." -- Kurt Vonnegut .
"Either God wants to abolish evil, and cannot; or he can, but does not want to. If he wants to, but cannot, he is impotent.  If he can, but does not want to, he is wicked. If, as they say, God can abolish evil, and God really wants to do it, why is there evil in the world?" -- Epicurus .
"Irrationally held truths may be more harmful than reasoned errors." -- Thomas Huxley .
"It is a government of the people by the people for the people no longer; it is a government of corporations by corporations for corporations." -- Rutherford B. Hayes .
"In all affairs, it's a healthy thing now and then to hang a question mark on the things you have long taken for granted." -- Bertrand Russell .
"Religion is not merely the opium of the masses; it's the cyanide." -- Tom Robbins .
"Nothing overshadows truth so much as authority." -- Leon Battista Alberti .
"In Christianity, neither morality nor religion comes into contact with reality at any point." -- Nietzsche .
"A language is a dialect with an army and a navy." -- Max Weinreich .
"It is dangerous to be right in matters on which the established authorities are wrong." -- Voltaire .
"Beware of the man whose god is in the skies." -- George Bernard Shaw .
"Almost all absurdity of conduct arises from the imitation of those whom we cannot resemble." -- Samuel Johnson .
"Turn over the pages of history and read the damning record of the church's opposition to every advance in every field of science." -- Upton Sinclair .
"Don't try to teach a pig to sing, it can't be done and it only ticks off the pig." -- Robert Heinlein .
"Form no covetous desire, so that the demon of greediness may not deceive thee, and the treasure of the world may not be tasteless to thee." -- Zoroaster .
"The more laws and order are made prominent, the more thieves and robbers there will be." -- Lao Tsu .
"People with virtue must speak out; People who speak are not all virtuous." -- Confucius .
"One death is a tragedy. A million deaths is a statistic." -- Josef Stalin .
"Prohibition goes beyond reason in that it attempts to control a man's appetite through legislation. A prohibition law strikes a blow at the very principles this country was founded upon." -- Abraham Lincoln .
"When liberty is taken away by force it can be restored by force. When it is relinquished voluntarily by default, it can never be recovered." -- Dorothy Thompson .
"Problems cannot be solved at the same level of awareness that created them." -- Albert Einstein .
"We can often do more for other men by trying to correct our own faults than by trying to correct theirs." -- Francois Fenelon .
"News is what someone wants to suppress. Everything else is advertising." -- Ex-NBC news president Rubin Frank .
"When women are depressed they either eat or go shopping. Men invade another country." -- Elayne Boosler .
"To use the term blind faith, is to use an adjective needlessly." -- Julian Ruck .
"The establishment of Christianity arrested the normal development of the physical sciences for over fifteen hundred years." -- Andrew Dickson White .
"It is right noble to fight with wickedness and wrong; the mistake is in supposing that spiritual evil can be overcome by physical means." -- Lydia Maria Child .
"Nothing except a battle lost can be half as melancholy as a battle won." -- Duke of Wellington .
"All warfare is based on deception." -- Sun tzu .
"Nothing brings people together more, than mutual hatred." -- Henry Rollins .
"Just as a picture is drawn by an artist, surroundings are created by the activities of the mind." -- Buddha .
"The best way to make children good is to make them happy." -- Oscar Wilde .
"The minority, the ruling class at present, has the schools and press, usually the Church as well under its thumb. This enables it to organize and sway the emotions of the masses, and make its tool of them." -- Albert Einstein .
"All civilization has from time to time become a thin crust over a volcano of revolution." -- Havelock Ellis .
"Outside of the killings, Washington has one of the lowest crime rates in the country." -- Marion Barry, former mayor Washington D.C.  .
"When I told the people of Northern Ireland that I was an atheist, a woman in the audience stood up and said, 'Yes, but is it the God of the Catholics or the God of the Protestants in whom you don't believe?'" -- Quentin Crisp .
"Whatever the natural cause, sin is the true cause of all earthquakes." -- John Wesley .
"Anyone who has two shirts when someone has none is not a Christian." -- Lenny Bruce .
"Generosity is not giving me that which I need more than you do, but it is giving me that which you need more than I do." -- Kahlil Gibran .
"You exist only in what you do." -- Federico Fellini .
"All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed.  Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident." -- Arthur Schopenhauer .
"Kindness is more important than wisdom, and the recognition of this is the beginning of wisdom." -- Theodore Isaac Rubin .
"You can't say civilizations don't advance, because they kill you in a new way in each war." -- Will Rogers .
"In order to be an immaculate member of a flock of sheep, one must above all be a sheep oneself." -- Albert Einstein .
"The church tries to save sinners, but science seeks to stop their manufacture." -- Elbert Hubbard .
"I can't embrace a male god who has persecuted female sexuality throughout the ages; and that persecution still goes on today, all over the world." -- Amanda Donohoe .
"Any fool can make a rule, and any fool will mind it." -- Henry David Thoreau .
"Pontius Pilate was the first great censor, and Jesus Christ the first great victim of censorship." -- Ben Lindsay .
"We are what we think. All that we are arises with our thoughts. With our thoughts, we make the world." -- Buddha .
"I thought dying for your country was the worst thing that could happen to you. I think killing for your country can be a lot worse; because that's the memory that haunts." -- Bob Kerry told to The New York Times .
"It is lamentable, that to be a good patriot one must become the enemy of the rest of mankind." -- Voltaire .
"Contraction of theological influence has at once been the best measure, and the essential condition of intellectual advance." -- William H. Lecky .
"Isn't killing people in the name of God a pretty good definition of insanity?" -- Arthur C. Clarke .
"Talent hits a target no one else can hit; Genius hits a target no one else can see." -- Arthur Schopenhauer .
"Oh Mortal Man, is there nothing you cannot be made to believe?" -- Adam Weishaupt, Co-founder New World Order .
"There are three truths: my truth, your truth, and the truth." -- Chinese proverb .
"People only see what they are prepared to see." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson .
"Lying is done with words and also with silence." -- Adrienne Rich .
"If a man would follow, today, the teachings of the Old Testament, he would be a criminal. If he would follow strictly the teachings of the New, he would be insane." -- Robert G. Ingersoll .
"The man who accumulates, whether money or knowledge, can never be free." -- J. Krishnamurthi .
"There is a tragic clash between truth and the world. Pure undistorted truth burns up the world." -- Nikolay Berdyayev .
"Just drive down that road, until you get blown up." -- General George Patton, reconnaissance troops .
"If I could find a way to get [Saddam Hussein] out of there, even putting a contract out on him, ... ahh ... if the CIA still did that sort of thing, . . . ahh . . . assuming it ever did . . . .  . . . I would be for it." -- Richard Nixon .
"I never advocated war except as a means of peace." -- Ulysses S. Grant .
"If you pray for rain long enough, it eventually does fall. If you pray for floodwaters to abate, they eventually do. The same happens in the absence of prayers." -- Steve Allen .
"Spiritual maturity is a lifelong process of replacing lies with truth." -- Kurt Bruner .
"I was under medication when I made the decision to burn the tapes." -- Richard Nixon .
"Freedom is not something that anybody can be given, freedom is something people take." -- James Baldwin .
"The public is wonderfully tolerant. It forgives everything except genius." -- Oscar Wilde .
"Intellectuals solve problems; geniuses prevent them." -- Albert Einstein .
"Acceptance without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western religion, rejection without proof is the fundamental characteristic of Western science." -- Gary Zukav .
"How can you make a revolution without executions?" -- Lenin on hearing that the death penalty had been abolished by the Soviet .
"True and false are attributes of speech, not of things. And where speech is not, there is neither truth nor falsehood." -- Thomas Hobbes .
"Do you love your Creator? Love your fellow beings first." -- Prophet Muhammad .
"Laws are silent in time of war." -- Cicero .
"I shall be an autocrat: that's my trade. And the good Lord will forgive me: that's his." -- Empress Catherine the Great .
"Man was born free, and everywhere he is in chains." -- Rousseau .
"Never go to sleep when your meat is on the fire." -- Pueblo .
"A treatise upon human nature: It is not contrary to reason to prefer the destruction of the whole world to the scratching of my finger." -- David Hume .
"You can't step twice into the same river." -- Heraclitus .
"You should never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and liberty." -- Henrik Ibsen .
"Necessity never made a good bargain." -- Ben Franklin .
"You shall find out how salt is the taste of another man's bread, and how hard is the way up and down another man's stairs." -- Dante .
"You'll never have a quiet world till you knock the patriotism out of the human race." -- George Bernard Shaw .
"This is very true; for my words are my own, and my actions are my ministers." -- Charles II .
"Sometimes a scream is better than a thesis." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson .
"Politics is war without bloodshed while war is politics with bloodshed." -- Mao Tse Tung When a stupid man is doing something he is ashamed of, he always declares that it is his duty." -- George Bernard Shaw .
"There are very few monsters who warrant the fear we have of them." -- Andre Gide .
"Whoever controls the media, the images, controls the culture." -- Allen Ginsberg .
"Listen or your tongue will keep you deaf." -- Native American saying .
"One-tenth of the folks run the world. One-tenth watch them run it, and the other eighty percent don't know what the hell's going on." -- Jake Simmons .
"An empty stomach is not a good political advisor." -- Albert Einstein .
"Religion is the end of love and honesty, the beginning of confusion; faith is a colorful hope or fear, the origin of folly." -- Tao Te Ching .
"Why do we kill people who are killing people to show that killing people is wrong?" -- Holly Near .
"If you give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest of men, I will find something in them which will hang him." -- Cardinal Richelieu .
"Only a fool tests the depth of the water with both feet." -- African proverb .
"Democracy is the recurrent suspicion that more than half of the people are right more than half of the time." -- Elwyn B. White .
"The more I study religions the more I am convinced that man never worshipped anything but himself." -- Sir R. F. Burton .
"We are ensnared by the wisdom of the serpent; we are set free by the foolishness of God." -- Saint Augustine .
"We live in our desires rather than in our achievements." -- George Moore .
"Wherever there is great property, there is great inequality, for one very rich man; there must be at least five hundred poor." -- Adam Smith .
"When a government lasts a long while, it deteriorates by insensible degrees. Republics end through luxury, monarchies through poverty." -- Montesquieu .
"The cardinal doctrine of a fanatic's creed is that his enemies are the enemies of God." -- Andrew Dickson White .
"Society in every state is a blessing, but government, even in its best stage, is but a necessary evil; in its worst stage, an intolerable one." -- Thomas Paine .
"The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting." -- Sun tzu .
"A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds, adored by little statesmen and philosophers and divines." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson .
"Truthful words are not beautiful; beautiful words are not truthful. Good words are not persuasive; persuasive words are not good." -- Lao tzu .
"Oh, how bitter a thing is to look through another man's eye." -- William Shakespeare .
"Know all and you will pardon all." -- Thomas à Kempis .
"I am sufficiently proud of my knowing something to be modest about my not knowing everything." -- Vladimir Nabokov .
"All natural institutions of churches, whether Jewish, Christian, or Turkish, appear to me no other than human inventions, set up to terrify and enslave mankind, and monopolize power and profit." -- Thomas Paine .
"They that die by famine die by inches." -- Matthew Henry .
"In law a man is guilty when he violates the rights of another.  In ethics he is guilty if he only thinks of doing so." -- Immanuel Kant .
"There is no sport in hate when all the rage is on one side." -- Percy B. Shelley .
"Except as its clown and jester, society does not encourage individuality, and the State abhors it." -- Bernard Berenson .
"Everywhere is walking distance if you have the time." -- Steven Wright .
"You must ask your neighbor if you shall live in peace." -- John Clark .
"It is true that liberty, so precious, must be rationed." -- Nikolai Lenin .
"It would now be technically possible to unify the world, abolish war and poverty altogether, if men desired their own happiness more than the misery of their enemies." -- Bertrand Russel .
"Most men lead lives of quiet desperation and go to the grave with the song still in them." -- Henry David Thoreau .
"I refuse to be labeled immoral merely because I am godless." -- Peter Walker .
"Art is dangerous. It is one of the attractions: when it ceases to be dangerous, you don't want it." -- Duke Ellington .
"Suppose you were an idiot, and suppose you were a member of congress; but I repeat myself." -- Mark Twain .
"Know thy enemy and know thy self and you will win a hundred battles." -- Sun tzu .
"Life is like a game of cards. The hand that is dealt you represents determinism; the way you play it is free will." -- Jawaharlal Nehru .
"The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds; and the pessimist fears this is true." -- James Branch Cabell .
"Peace is only possible if men cease to place their happiness in the possession of things which cannot be shared." -- Julien Benda .
"It may be necessary temporarily to accept a lesser evil, but one must never label a necessary evil as good." -- Margaret Mead .
"Silence is one of the hardest arguments to refute." -- Josh Billings .
"You can't wake a person who is pretending to be asleep." -- Native Proverb .
"I have often regretted my speech, never my silence." -- Xenocrates .
"Never does nature say one thing and wisdom another." -- Juvenal .
"He who will not reason is a bigot; he who cannot is a fool; and he who dares not is a slave." -- William Drummond .
"The quickest way of ending a war is to lose it." -- George Orwell .
"Truth always lags behind, limping along on the arm of Time." -- Baltasar Gracián .
"Nothing unites the English like war. Nothing divides them like Picasso." -- Hugh Mills .
"...as hollow as the o in god..." -- Marilyn Manson .
"War: first, one hopes to win; then one expects the enemy to lose; then, one is satisfied that he too is suffering; in the end, one is surprised that everyone has lost." -- Karl Kraus .
"It is better to be generous than just. It is sometimes better to sympathize instead of trying to understand." -- Pierre Lecompte de Nouy .
"The more you own, the more it owns you." -- Henry Rollins .
"Money often costs too much." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson .
"It is hard, I submit, to loathe bloodshed, including war, more than I do, but it is still harder to exceed my loathing of the very nature of totalitarian states in which massacre is only an administrative detail." -- Vladimir Nabokov .
"Nothing is more surprising than the easiness with which the many are governed by the few." -- David Hume .
"And the little screaming fact that sounds through all history: repression works only to strengthen and knit the repressed." -- John Steinbeck .
"We are condemned to kill time: thus we die bit by bit." -- Octavio Paz .
"Do not seek to follow in the footsteps of the wise. Seek what they sought." -- Basho .
"By trying we can easily learn to endure adversity; another man's, I mean." -- Mark Twain .
"Give to every other human being every right you claim for yourself." -- Robert G. Ingersoll .
"Don't say you don't have enough time. You have exactly the same number of hours per day that were given to Helen Keller, Pasteur, Michelangelo, Mother Teresa, Leonardo da Vinci, Thomas Jefferson, and Albert Einstein." -- H. Jackson Brown .
"While the word is yet unspoken, you are master of it; when once it is spoken, it is master of you." -- Arab proverb .
"Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn't do than by the ones you did do." -- Samuel Clemens .
"Ignorance is always afraid of change." -- Jawaharlal Nehru .
"Before we blame, we should first see if we can excuse." -- G. C. Lichtenberg .
"Don't speak unless you can improve on the silence." -- Spanish proverb .
"I would have made a good pope." -- Richard Nixon .
"In politics, stupidity is not a handicap." -- Napoleon .
"The purpose of law is to prevent the strong from always having their way." -- Ovid .
"Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils." -- Hector Berlioz .
"A man who is afraid will do anything." -- Jawaharlal Nehru .
"Heresy is a cradle; orthodoxy a coffin." -- Robert G. Ingersoll .
"Each of us is confined to a world of our own making." -- Shawn Mikula .
"Democracy used to be a good thing, but now it has gotten into the wrong hands." -- Jessie Helms .
"If a person is to get to the meaning of life, he must learn to like the facts about himself, ugly as they may seem to his sentimental vanity, before he can learn the truth behind the facts. And the truth is never ugly." -- Eugene O'Neill .
"No one has ever had an idea in a dress suit." -- Sir Frederick G. Banting .
"Without censorship, things can get terribly confused in the public mind." -- General William Westmoreland .
"Strange is our situation here upon Earth." -- Albert Einstein .
"Until the infallibility of human judgment shall have been proved to me, I shall persist in demanding the abolition of the death penalty." -- Marquis de Lafayette .
"If you don't know where you're going, any road will get you there." -- Ancient Chinese Proverb .
"Opportunities multiply as they are seized." -- Sun tzu .
"Real knowledge is to know the extent of one's ignorance." -- Confucius .
"As far as the laws of mathematics refer to reality, they are not certain, and as far as they are certain, they do not refer to reality." -- Albert Einstein .
"One's mind, once stretched by a new idea, never regains its original dimensions." -- Oliver Wendell Holmes .
"It is not easy to find happiness in ourselves; it is not possible to find it elsewhere." -- Agnes Repplier .
"Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength; loving someone deeply gives you courage." -- Lao tzu .
"The world is too dangerous to live in, not because of the people who do evil, but because of the people who sit and let it happen." -- Albert Einstein .
"Beliefs are what divide people. Doubt unites them." -- Peter Ustinov .
"Wisdom is knowing what to do next. Virtue is doing it." -- David Starr Jordan .
"The liar's punishment is not in the least that he is not believed, but that he cannot believe anyone else." -- George Bernard Shaw .
"Whatever you do will be insignificant, but it is very important that you do it." -- Mohandas Gandhi .
"You can't have everything. Where would you put it?" -- Steven Wright .
"The way to find what the mainstream will do tomorrow is to associate with the lunatic fringe today." -- Jean-Louis Gassee .
"A jury consists of twelve persons chosen to decide who has the better lawyer." -- Robert Frost .
"Our job is to give people not what they want, but what we decide they ought to have." -- Richard Salent, Former President CBS News .
"You can pretend to be serious; you can't pretend to be witty." -- Sacha Guitry .
"Two attitudes are all that is needed; do not harm anything, say and do things that make others happy." -- dreamslaughter .
"In spite of everything I still believe that people are really good at heart." -- Anne Frank, holocaust victim .
"Why is propaganda so much more successful when it stirs up hatred than when it tries to stir up friendly feeling?" -- Bertrand Russell .
"Nature does not hurry, yet everything is accomplished." -- Lao tzu .
"The illegal we do immediately. The unconstitutional takes a bit longer." -- Henry Kissinger .
"The victor will never be asked if he told the truth." -- Adolf Hitler .
"What sane person could live in this world and not be crazy?" -- Ursula K. LeGuin .
"Never express yourself more clearly than you think." -- Neils Bohr .
"Modern morality and manners suppress all natural instincts, keep people ignorant of the facts of nature and make them fighting drunk on bogey tales." -- Aleister Crowley .
"The right things to do are those that keep our violence in abeyance; the wrong things are those that bring it to the fore." -- Robert J. Sawyer .
"When you are content to be simply yourself and don't compare or compete, everybody will respect you." -- Lao tzu .
"What is the use of a house if you haven't got a tolerable planet to put it on?" -- Henry David Thoreau .
"I consider Christian theology to be one of the greatest disasters of the human race." -- Alfred North Whitehead .
"Most people drive thru life with the parking brake on." -- Lance Bradley .
"Truth is living, it is not static, and the mind that would discover truth must also be living, not burdened with knowledge or experience." -- J. Krishnamurthi .
"If everyone demanded peace instead of another television set, then there'd be peace." -- John Lennon .
"The biggest conspiracy of all is the claim that there are no conspiracies!" -- Michael Rivero .
"The death of dogma is the birth of morality." -- Immanuel Kant .
"Can you sympathize with an exploding star?" -- Shawn Mikula .
"The revolution is a dictatorship of the exploited against the exploiters." -- Fidel Castro .
"Whoever imagines himself a favorite with God holds others in contempt." -- Robert G. Ingersoll .
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication." -- Leonardo da Vinci .
"All religions are founded on the fear of the many and the cleverness of the few." -- Stendhal .
"Today it is fashionable to talk about the poor. Unfortunately, it is not fashionable to talk with them." -- Mother Teresa .
"No man's knowledge here can go beyond his experience." -- John A. Locke .
"Life's under no obligation to give us what we expect." -- Margaret Mitchell .
"The history of war is the history of powerful individuals willing to sacrifice thousands upon thousands of other people's lives for personal gains." -- Michael Rivero .
"Being with a woman all night never hurt no professional baseball player. It's staying up all night looking for a woman that does him in." -- Casey Stengel .
"The religion of the future will be a cosmic religion, the religion which based on experience, which refuses dogma." -- Albert Einstein .
"Would you like to liberate yourself from the lower realms of life? Would you like to save the world from the degradation and destruction it seems destined for? Then step away from shallow mass movements and quietly go to work on your own self-awareness." -- Lao tzu .
"It is curious that physical courage should be so common in the world and moral courage so rare." -- Mark Twain .
"Do not mind anything that anyone tells you about anyone else.  Judge everyone and everything for yourself." -- Henry James .
"When a thing has been said and said well, have no scruple.  Take it and copy it." -- Anatole France .
"The secret of happiness is to admire without desiring." -- F. H. Bradley .
"To travel is to discover that everyone is wrong about other countries." -- Aldous Huxley .
"Pray: To ask the laws of the universe to be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy." -- Ambrose Bierce .
"The greatest deception men suffer is from their own opinions." -- Leonardo da Vinci .
"Even if truth destroys the whole universe, still it is truth; stand by it." -- Swami Vivekananda .
"The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts." --John Locke .
"Christians are supposed not merely to endure change, nor even to profit by it, but to cause it." -- Harry Emerson Fosdick .
"Every man is guilty of all the good he didn't do." -- Voltaire .
"Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute. That's relativity." -- Albert Einstein .
"If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things." -- Rene Descartes .
"Time wounds all heels." -- Jane Ace .
"Beware of all enterprises that require new clothes." -- Henry David Thoreau .
"Manifest plainness, embrace simplicity, reduce selfishness, have few desires." -- Lao tzu .
"When a man says he approves of something in principle, it means he hasn't the slightest intention of carrying it out in practice." -- Otto von Bismarck .
"A man's character is his fate." -- Heraclitus .
"Quarrels would not last long if only one side was wrong." -- Francois Duc de la Rochefoucauld .
"Philosophers have merely interpreted the world. The point is to change it." -- Karl Marx .
"I am not a communist and neither is the revolutionary movement." -- Fidel Castro .
"When a nation's young men are conservative, its funeral bell is already rung." -- Henry Ward Beecher .
"Science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition." -- Adam Smith .
"The Brush Dance is a Yurok healing ritual where being true to yourself means give your best to a person in need. Being true to yourself is the one and only Yurok Indian Law." -- Brush Dance Journal .
"Happiness is an imaginary condition, formerly attributed by the living to the dead, now usually attributed by adults to children, and by children to adults." -- Thomas Szasz .
"Never explain, your friends do not need it and your enemies will not believe you anyway." -- Elbert Hubbard .
"The pious pretense that evil does not exist only makes it vague, enormous and menacing." -- Aleister Crowley .
"Once all struggle is grasped, miracles are possible." -- Mao Tse Tung .
"Everybody sooner or later, sits down to a banquet of consequences." -- Robert Louis Stevenson .
"We will be known by the tracks we leave behind." -- Dakota proverb .
"If a scholar aspires to the Way but is ashamed of bad clothes and bad food, he isn't ready to join the discussion yet." -- Confucius .
"Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's need, but not every man's greed." --Mohandas Gandhi .
"...so long as the media are in corporate hands, the task of social change will be vastly more difficult, if not impossible." -- Robert McChesney .
"It is wrong always, everywhere, and for anyone, to believe anything upon insufficient evidence." -- William Kingdon Clifford .
"I do not believe that any type of religion should ever be introduced into the public schools of the United States." -- Thomas Edison .
"The radical invents the views. When he has worn them out, the conservative adopts them." -- Mark Twain .
"Monarchy degenerates into tyranny, aristocracy into oligarchy, and democracy into savage violence and chaos." -- Polybius .
"Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake." -- Napoleon .
"When the water starts boiling it is foolish to turn off the heat." -- Nelson Mandela .
"The spirit of resistance to government is so valuable on certain occasions that I wish it to be always kept alive." -- Thomas Jefferson .
"If we continue to develop our technology without wisdom or prudence, our servant may prove to be our executioner." -- General Omar N. Bradley .
"The rights of women are sacred. See that women are maintained in the rights attributed to them." -- Prophet Muhammed .
"Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value." -- Albert Einstein .
"When you meet a worthy person, focus on reaching his level.  When you meet an unworthy person, take a good look inside yourself." -- Confucius .
"If one were to take the bible seriously one would go mad. But to take the bible seriously, one must be already mad." -- Aleister Crowley .
"All my humor is based upon destruction and despair. If the whole world were tranquil, without disease and violence, I'd be standing on the breadline right in back of J. Edgar Hoover." -- Lenny Bruce .
"If I can't dance, I don't want to be part of your revolution." -- Emma Goldman .
"It is not what we do, but also what we do not do, for which we are accountable." -- Moliere .
"Religion is excellent stuff for keeping common people quiet." -- Napoleon .
"Living is change; Growth is optional." -- Juan Wa Chang .
"Religion is an insult to human dignity. With or without it, you'd have good people doing good things and evil people doing bad things, but for good people to do bad things, it takes religion." -- Steven Weinberg .
"It is difficult to produce a television documentary that is both incisive and probing when every twelve minutes one is interrupted by twelve dancing rabbits singing about toilet paper." -- Rod Serling .
"You have not converted a man because you have silenced him." -- John Morley .
"We have a political system that awards office to the most ruthless, cunning, and selfish of mortals, then act surprised when those willing to do anything to win power are equally willing to do anything with it." -- Michael Rivero .
"Use what talent you possess: the woods would be very silent if no birds sang except those that sang best." -- Henry Van Dyke .
"The hardest years in life are those between ten and seventy." -- Helen Hayes, age 83 .
"Everything has been figured out, except how to live." -- Jean Paul Sartre .
"The vast majority of mankind is trapped within perceptual prisons." -- Shawn Mikula .
"What difference does it make how much you have? What you do not have amounts to much more." -- Seneca .
"America ... just a nation of two hundred million used car salesmen with all the money we need to buy guns and no qualms about killing anybody else in the world who tries to make us uncomfortable." -- Hunter S. Thompson .
"The government of the United States does not, in its policies, express the decency of its people." -- Jerry Fresia .
"Grasshopper, look beyond the game, as you look beneath the surface of the pool to see its depths." -- Master Po .
"Write injuries in sand, kindnesses in marble." -- French proverb .
"Kindness is a mark of faith, and whoever has not kindness has not faith." -- Prophet Muhammad .
"It is not impossible to govern Italians. It is merely useless." -- Benito Mussolini .
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." -- Albert Einstein .
"Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind it only the slime of bureaucracy." -- Franz Kafka .
"Always remember you are a totally unique individual; just like everyone else." -- Unknown .
"Mythology is what we call someone else's religion." -- Joseph Campbell .
"Christian is a VERB not a noun." -- Meria Heller .
"Someday man will imprison the power of the sun, release atomic power, and harness the rise and fall of the tides. I am proud of the fact that I never invented weapons to kill." -- Thomas Edison .
"Beware the man of one book." -- Saint Thomas Aquinas .
"If we don't believe in freedom of expression for people we despise, we don't believe in it at all." -- Noam Chomsky .
"The only thing we never get enough of is love; and the only thing we never give enough of is love." -- Henry Miller .
"The United States is not nearly so concerned that its acts be kept secret from its intended victims as it is that the American people not know of them." -- Ramsey Clark .
"Nothing exists except atoms and empty space; everything else is opinion." -- Democritus .
"Cancel the kitchen scraps for lepers and orphans! No more merciful beheadings! And call off Christmas!" -- The Sheriff of Nottingham .
"The god of the cannibals will be a cannibal, of the crusaders, a crusader, and of the merchants a merchant." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson .
"The degree of one's emotion varies inversely with one's knowledge of the facts. The less you know, the hotter you get." -- Bertrand Russel .
"Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power." -- Lao Tzu .
"The believer is happy; the doubter is wise." -- Hungarian Proverb .
"I complained that I had no shoes until I met a man who had no feet." -- Persian proverb .
"Rules of Optimization: Rule 1: Don't do it.  Rule 2 (for experts only): Don't do it yet." -- M.A. Jackson .
"More computing sins are committed in the name of efficiency (without necessarily achieving it) than for any other single reason - including blind stupidity." -- W.A. Wulf .
"We should forget about small efficiencies, say about 97% of the time: premature optimization is the root of all evil." -- Donald Knuth .
"> > > Goodbye to all! Thanks for years of great fun and good > > > business!  > > Suicide or MS C++?  > Is there a difference?  Suicide hurts only once..." -- Conversation on borland.public.delphi.non-technical .
"May God grant me the grace to one day know the truth. Until then, may he spare me the company of those who've already found it." -- unknown .
Fundamentalists: believe 2+2=5 because It Is Written. Somewhere.  They have a lot of trouble on their tax returns.  "Moderate" believers: live their lives on the basis that 2+2=4.  But go regularly to church to be told that 2+2 once made 5, or will one day make 5, or in a very real and spiritual sense, should make 5.  "Moderate" atheists: know that 2+2=4 but think it impolite to say so too loudly as people who think 2+2=5 might be offended.  "Militant" atheists: "Oh for pity's sake. HERE. Two pebbles. Two more pebbles. FOUR pebbles. What is WRONG with you people?" .
"If you try and take a cat apart to see how it works, the first thing you have in your hands is a non-working cat." -- Douglas Adams .
"Finagle's Law of Dynamic Negatives: Anything that can go wrong, will -- at the worst possible moment." .
"O'Toole's Corollary of Finagle's Law: The perversity of the Universe tends towards a maximum." .
"Hofstadter's Law: It always takes longer than you expect, even when you take into account Hofstadter's Law." .
"Many journalists have fallen for the conspiracy theory of government. I do assure you that they would produce more accurate work if they adhered to the cock-up theory." -- Sir Bernard Ingham .
"Misunderstandings and neglect create more confusion in this world than trickery and malice. At any rate, the last two are certainly much less frequent." -- Goethe, "Werther" .
"Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped." -- Elbert Hubbard .
"Hanlon's Razor: Never attribute to malice that which can be adequately explained by stupidity." .
"Asswhole = a complete ass" -- John McTaggart in bpot .
"Free speech is the right to yell "Theater!" in a crowded fire..." -- Abbie Hoffman .
"A bird in the hand makes it hard to blow your nose." .
"Don't drive me crazy -- it's within walking distance." .
"The early worm deserves the bird." .
"We need either less corruption or more chance to participate in it." .
"They laughed when I said I'd be a comedian. They aren't laughing now." .
"There are many kinds of people in the world.  Are you one of them?" .
"We totally deny the allegations, and we are trying to identify the allegators." .
"When you've seen one non-sequitur, the price of tea in China." .
"Nine out of ten doctors agree that one out of ten doctors is an idiot." .
"Save the whales! Collect the whole set!" .
"TV is called a medium because it is neither rare nor well done." .
"Gentleman: Knows how to play the bagpipes, but doesn't." .
"Courage: Two cannibals having oral sex." .
"Emulate your heros, but don't carry it too far.  Especially if they are dead." .
"Every journalist has a novel in him, which is an excellent place for it." .
"Experience is what you get when you were expecting something else." .
"Familiarity breeds children." .
"If it wasn't for muscle spasms, I wouldn't get any exercise at all." .
"I have seen the future and it is just like the present, only longer." -- Albran .
"I could not possibly fail to disagree with you less." .
"If all the world's managers were laid end to end, it would be an improvement." .
"Let him who takes the Plunge remember to return it by Tuesday." .
"Smoking is one of the leading causes of statistics." -- Fletcher Knebel .
"My last cow just died, so I won't need your bull anymore." .
"Radioactive cats have 18 half-lives." .
"People who think they know everything greatly annoy those of us who do." .
"If it wasn't for lawyers, we wouldn't need them." .
"My opinions might have changed, but not the fact that I am right." .
"Love: The warm feeling you get towards someone who meets your neurotic needs." .
"Don't sweat the petty things, just pet the sweaty things." .
"A closed mouth gathers no foot." .
"Despite the high cost of living, it remains popular." .
"A good pun is its own reword." .
"All things are possible, except skiing through a revolving door." .
"Democracy is where you can say what you think even if you don't think." .
"Cole's Law: Thinly sliced cabbage." .
"An effective way to deal with predators is to taste terrible." .
"All rights left. All lefts reserved. All reserves removed.  All removes right." .
"You never really learn to swear until you learn to drive." .
"Machine. Unexpectedly, I'd invented a time." -- Alan Moore .
"If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy." -- James Madison .
"In Germany they first came for the Communists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Communist.  Then they came for the Jews, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a Jew.  Then they came for the trade unionists, and I didn't speak up because I wasn't a trade unionist.  Then they came for the Catholics, and I didn't speak up because I was a Protestant.  Then they came for me - and by that time no one was left to speak up." -- Pastor Martin Niemöller .
"The problem with people who have no vices is that generally you can be pretty sure they're going to have some pretty annoying virtues." -- Elizabeth Taylor .
"Talk sense to a fool and he calls you foolish." -- Euripides .
"Invading Iraq after 9/11 was like invading Mexico after Pearl Harbor." -- Richard Clarke .
"I've never seen anyone change his mind because of the power of a superior argument or the acquisition of new facts. But I've seen plenty of people change behavior to avoid being mocked." -- Scott Adams .
"The years of peak mental activity are undoubtedly between the ages of four and eighteen.  At four we know all the questions, at eighteen all the answers." -- unknown .
"I'm fed up to the ears with old men dreaming up wars for young men to die in." -- George McGovern .
"The music business is a cruel and shallow money trench, a long plastic hallway where thieves and pimps run free, and good men die like dogs. There's also a negative side".  -- Hunter S. Thompson .
"What a cruel thing is war: to separate and destroy families and friends, and mar the purest joys and happiness God has granted us in this world; to fill our hearts with hatred instead of love for our neighbors, and to devastate the fair face of this beautiful world." -- Robert E. Lee, letter to his wife, 1864 .
"Pardon him, Theodotus; he is a barbarian, and thinks that the customs of his tribe and island are the laws of nature." -- George Bernard Shaw .
"The competent programmer is fully aware of the limited size of his own skull. He therefore approaches his task with full humility, and avoids clever tricks like the plague." -- Edsger W. Dijkstra, EWD340 .
"Ignorance simplifies ANY problem." -- R. Lucke .
"The chain reaction of evil -- wars producing more wars -- must be broken, or we shall be plunged into the dark abyss of annihilation." -- Martin Luther King, Jr.  .
"Before the war is ended, the war party assumes the divine right to denounce and silence all opposition to war as unpatriotic and cowardly." -- Senator Robert M. La Follette .
"After every 'victory' you have more enemies." -- Jeanette Winterson .
"Our children are not born to hate, they are raised to hate." -- Thomas della Peruta .
"The shepherd always tries to persuade the sheep that their interests and his own are the same." -- Marie Beyle .
"I hate those men who would send into war youth to fight and die for them; the pride and cowardice of those old men, making their wars that boys must die." -- Mary Roberts Rinehart .
"Guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism." -- George Washington .
"The de facto role of the US armed forces will be to keep the world safe for our economy and open to our cultural assault." -- Major Ralph Peters, US Military .
"Patriotism means to stand by the country. It does not mean to stand by the president or any other public official..." -- Theodore Roosevelt .
"The worst crimes were dared by a few, willed by more and tolerated by all." -- Tacitus .
"Military glory -- that attractive rainbow, that rises in showers of blood -- that serpent's eye, that charms to destroy..." -- Abraham Lincoln .
"Only a free and unrestrained press can effectively expose deception in government." -- Hugo Black, Supreme Court Justice .
"War is fear cloaked in courage." -- General William Westmoreland .
"Because I do it with one small ship, I am called a terrorist.  You do it with a whole fleet and are called an emperor." -- A pirate, from St. Augustine's "City of God" .
"What is morally wrong can never be advantageous, even when it enables you to make some gain that you believe to be to your advantage." -- Marcus Tullius Cicero .
"Everybody's worried about stopping terrorism. Well, there's a really easy way: stop participating in it." -- Noam Chomsky .
"It is far easier to make war than peace." -- Georges Clemenceau .
"The belief in the possibility of a short decisive war appears to be one of the most ancient and dangerous of human illusions." -- Robert Lynd .
"Of all the enemies to public liberty, war is perhaps the most to be dreaded because it comprises and develops the germ of every other." -- James Madison .
"War doesn't make boys men, it makes men dead." -- Ken Gillespie .
"Every nation has its war party. It is not the party of democracy.  It is the party of autocracy. It seeks to dominate absolutely." -- Senator Robert M. La Follette .
"It is the job of thinking people not to be on the side of the executioners." -- Albert Camus .
"Paramount among the responsibilities of a free press is the duty to prevent any part of the government from deceiving the people." -- Hugo Black, Supreme Court Justice .
"Liberty and democracy become unholy when their hands are dyed red with innocent blood." -- Mahatma Gandhi .
"Peace is constructed, not fought for." -- Brent Davis .
"In this war - as in others - I am less interested in honoring the dead than in preventing the dead." -- Butler Shaffer .
"It is only those who have neither fired a shot nor heard the shrieks and groans of the wounded who cry aloud for blood...  War is hell." -- General William Tecumseh Sherman .
"It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong." -- Voltaire .
"The worst barbarity of war is that it forces men collectively to commit acts against which individually they would revolt with their whole being." -- Ellen Key .
"Some men, in order to prevent the supposed intentions of their adversaries, have committed the most enormous cruelties." -- Clearchus, in Xenophon .
"[War] might be avoidable were more emphasis placed on the training to social interest, less on the attainment of egotistical grandeur." -- Lydia Sicher .
"Look at you in war. There has never been a just one, never an honorable one, on the part of the instigator of the war." -- Mark Twain .
"Everything secret degenerates, even the administration of justice." -- Lord Acton .
"Military justice is to justice what military music is to music." -- Groucho Marx .
"Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent." -- Issac Asimov .
"A state of war only serves as an excuse for domestic tyranny." -- Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn .
"War is not the continuation of politics with different means, it is the greatest mass-crime perpetrated on the community of man." -- Alfred Adler .
"We will not learn how to live together in peace by killing each other's children." -- Jimmy Carter .
"The dangerous patriot ... is a defender of militarism and its ideals of war and glory." -- Colonel James A. Donovan, Marine Corps .
"To jaw-jaw is always better than to war-war." -- Winston Churchill .
"Man has no right to kill his brother. It is no excuse that he does so in uniform: he only adds the infamy of servitude to the crime of murder." -- Percy Bysshe Shelley .
"Is it not a strange blindness on our part to teach publicly the techniques of warfare and to reward with medals those who prove to be the most adroit killers?" -- Marquis de Sade .
"The cry has been that when war is declared, all opposition should be hushed. A sentiment more unworthy of a free country could hardly be propagated." -- William Ellery Channing .
"Our government has kept us in a perpetual state of fear - kept us in a continuous stampede of patriotic fervor - with the cry of grave national emergency." -- General Douglas MacArthur .
"The internet is not something you just dump something on. It's not a truck. It's a series of tubes!" -- Sen. Ted Stevens, chairman of the United States Senate Committee on Commerce, Science and Transportation .
"Elegance is not a dispensable luxury but a factor that decides between success and failure." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"It's wonderful to be here in the great state of Chicago." -- Dan Quayle .
"If Al Gore invented the Internet, I invented spell check." -- Dan Quayle .
"My current job sucks so hard, black holes are going green with envy." -- Liz Kimber, in borland.*.*.*.delphi.win32 .
"I was playing poker the other night... with Tarot cards.  I got a full house and 4 people died." -- Steven Wright .
"'Everything you say is boring and incomprehensible', she said, 'but that alone doesn't make it true.'" -- Franz Kafka .
"Should array indices start at 0 or 1? My compromise of 0.5 was rejected without, I thought, proper consideration." -- Stan Kelly-Bootle .
"If electricity comes from electrons, does that mean that morality comes from morons?" -- Unknown .
"The company doesn't tell me what to say, and I don't tell them where to stick it." -- Unknown .
"The only way to combat criminals is by not voting for them." -- Dayton Allen .
"A camel is a horse designed by a committee" -- Unknown .
"I'm not under the alkafluence of inkahol that some thinkle peep I am. It's just the drunker I sit here the longer I get." -- Unknown .
"Sex is like air.  It's only a big deal if you can't get any." -- Unknown .
AMAZING BUT TRUE ...  There is so much sand in Northern Africa that if it were spread out it would completely cover the Sahara Desert.  .
"Support your local Search and Rescue unit -- get lost." -- Unknown .
"A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices." -- William James .
"The whole problem with the world is that fools and fanatics are always so certain of themselves, but wiser people so full of doubts." -- Bertrand Russell .
"The bureaucracy is expanding to meet the needs of an expanding bureaucracy." -- Unknown .
"I took a course in speed reading and was able to read War and Peace in twenty minutes.  It's about Russia." -- Woody Allen .
"Jesus may love you, but I think you're garbage wrapped in skin." -- Michael O'Donohugh .
"Ah, you know the type.  They like to blame it all on the Jews or the Blacks, 'cause if they couldn't, they'd have to wake up to the fact that life's one big, scary, glorious, complex and ultimately unfathomable crapshoot -- and the only reason THEY can't seem to keep up is they're a bunch of misfits and losers." -- An analysis of Neo-Nazis, from "The Badger" comic .
"Subtlety is the art of saying what you think and getting out of the way before it is understood." -- Unknown .
"Tact is the ability to tell a man he has an open mind when he has a hole in his head." -- Unknown .
"The study of non-linear physics is like the study of non-elephant biology." -- Unknown .
"I do not have a body, I am a body." -- Unknown .
"If people are good only because they fear punishment, and hope for reward, then we are a sorry lot indeed." -- Albert Einstein .
"A radioactive cat has eighteen half-lives." -- Unknown .
"Clothes make the man.  Naked people have little or no influence on society." -- Mark Twain .
"I doubt, therefore I might be." -- Unknown .
"If you believe in telekinesis, raise my hand." -- Unknown .
"Light thinks it travels faster than anything but it is wrong.  No matter how fast light travels, it finds the darkness has always got there first, and is waiting for it." -- Terry Pratchett (Reaper Man) .
"If you take something apart and put it back together again enough times, you will eventually have enough parts left over to build a second one." -- The law of inanimate reproduction .
"I have spoken many a word, therefore, it is fact." -- Eric the Verbose .
"Puritanism: The haunting fear that someone, somewhere, may be happy." -- H. L. Mencken .
"Roses are #FF0000 Violets are #0000FF All my base are belong to you!" -- Geek Valentine T-shirt at ThinkGeek .
"As nightfall does not come at once, neither does oppression. In both instances, there is a twilight when everything remains unchanged. And it is in such twilight that we all must be most aware of change in the air - however slight - lest we become unwitting victims of the darkness." -- Supreme Court Justice William O. Douglas .
"The surest way to corrupt a youth is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently" -- Friedrich Nietzsche .
"Conservatives are not necessarily stupid, but most stupid people are conservatives" -- John Stuart Mill .
"Throughout American history, the government has said we're in an unprecedented crisis and that we must live without civil liberties until the crisis is over. It's a hoax." -- Yale Kamisar, 1990.  .
"Quoting Coulter is kind of like quoting Joe McCarthy; no doubt it does well when you're pandering to a group of like-minded hate mongerers, but it earns you a well-deserved reputation as a vicious, mean-spirited airhead and intellectual lightweight in more analytical and dispassionate circles." -- Mark Vaughan in borland.public.off-topic .
"Under conditions of competition, standards are set by the morally least reputable agent." -- philosopher/economist John Stuart Mill .
"A terrorist is someone who has a bomb, but doesn't have an air force." -- William Blum .
"You cannot depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus." -- Mark Twain .
"Once you've written TBicycle, you never forget how." -- Oliver Townshend in b.p.d.n-t.  .
"When the rich think about the poor, they have poor ideas." -- Evita Peron .
"Any fool can criticize, condemn, and complain - and most fools do." -- Dale Carnegie .
"Real punks help little old ladies across the street because it shocks more people than if they spit on the sidewalk." -- Unknown .
"If you can read this you're not aiming in the right direction." -- Toilet-ceiling graffiti .
"Getting an education was a bit like a communicable sexual disease.  It made you unsuitable for a lot of jobs and then you had the urge to pass it on." -- Terry Pratchett, Hogfather .
"To understand a man you should walk a mile in his shoes. If what he says still bothers you that's ok because you'll be a mile away from him and you'll have his shoes." -- Unknown .
"I'm trying to see things from your point of view but I can't get my head that far up my ass." --- Unknown .
"Early to rise, Early to bed, Makes a man healthy but socially dead." -- The Warner Brothers (Animaniacs) .
"I hope life isn't a big joke ... because I don't get it." -- Unknown .
"I'd stop eating chocolate, but I'm no quitter." -- Unknown .
"I'm so poor I can't even pay attention." -- Unknown .
"It's dangerous to underestimate the intelligence of a customer who grew a business that's successful enough to require a large and complex set of software" -- Grady Booch .
"A physicist is an atom's way of knowing about atoms." -- George Wald .
"It's the liberal bias. The press is liberally biased to the right." -- Ken de Camargo .
"83.7% of all statistics are made up" - Stephen Wright .
"That is the saving grace of humor, if you fail no one is laughing at you." -- A. Whitney Brown .
"Humor is the only test of gravity, and gravity of humor; for a subject which will not bear raillery is suspicious, and a jest which will not bear serious examination is false wit." -- Aristotle (384 BC-322 BC) .
"All I need to make a comedy is a park, a policeman and a pretty girl." -- Charlie Chaplin (1889-1977), in My Autobiography (1964) .
"Total absence of humor renders life impossible." -- Colette (1873-1954), Chance Acquaintances, 1952 .
"Humor is always based on a modicum of truth. Have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law?" -- Dick Clark .
"A sense of humor is part of the art of leadership, of getting along with people, of getting things done." -- Dwight D. Eisenhower (1890-1969) .
"Analyzing humor is like dissecting a frog. Few people are interested and the frog dies of it." -- E. B. White (1899-1985) .
"Humor is by far the most significant activity of the human brain." -- Edward De Bono .
"The world is a tragedy to those who feel, but a comedy to those who think." -- Horace Walpole (1717-1797) .
"If there's one thing I know it's God does love a good joke." -- Hugh Elliott, Standing Room Only weblog, 05-01-04 .
"The only rules comedy can tolerate are those of taste, and the only limitations those of libel." -- James Thurber (1894-1961) .
"The wit makes fun of other persons; the satirist makes fun of the world; the humorist makes fun of himself." -- James Thurber (1894-1961), in Edward R. Murrow television interview .
"Where humor is concerned there are no standards - no one can say what is good or bad, although you can be sure that everyone will." -- John Kenneth Galbraith (1908-2006) .
"One doesn't have a sense of humor. It has you." -- Larry Gelbart .
"Humor is the great thing, the saving thing. The minute it crops up, all our irritations and resentments slip away and a sunny spirit takes their place." -- Mark Twain (1835-1910) .
"Humor is a rubber sword - it allows you to make a point without drawing blood." -- Mary Hirsch .
"Humor is just another defense against the universe." -- Mel Brooks (1926- ) .
"Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious." --  Peter Ustinov (1921-2004) .
"Comedy is nothing more than tragedy deferred." -- Pico Iyer, Time .
"Wit makes its own welcome and levels all distinctions." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) .
"Defining and analyzing humor is a pastime of humorless people." -- Robert Benchley (1889 - 1945) .
"Humor is also a way of saying something serious." -- T. S. Eliot (1888 - 1965) .
"There's no trick to being a humorist when you have the whole government working for you." -- Will Rogers (1879-1935) .
"Politicians are like diapers. They should be changed often, and for the same reason." -- Anonymous .
"Small minds run in the same gutter." -- Alfred E. Neuman .
"Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the Universe trying to produce bigger and better idiots. So far, the Universe is winning." -- Rich Cook.  .
"Computer dating is fine, if you're a computer." -- Rita May Brown.  .
"All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men." -- Isaac Asimov.  .
"To err is human, but to really foul things up you need a computer." -- Paul Ehrlich.  .
"The trouble with the Internet is that it's replacing masturbation as a leisure activity." -- Patrick Murray.  .
"Beware of computer programmers that carry screwdrivers." -- Leonard Brandwein.  .
"UNIX is basically a simple operating system, but you have to be a genius to understand the simplicity." -- Dennis Ritchie.  .
"The perfect computer has been developed. You just feed in your problems and they never come out again." -- Al Goodman.  .
"The most overlooked advantage of owning a computer is that if they foul up there's no law against whacking them around a bit." -- Eric Porterfield.
"Computers make it easier to do a lot of things, but most of the things they make it easier to do don't need to be done." -- Andy Rooney.
"Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes" -- Edsger W. Dijkstra.  .
"The great thing about a computer notebook is that no matter how much you stuff into it, it doesn't get bigger or heavier." -- Bill Gates.  .
"Not even computers will replace committees, because committees buy computers." -- Unknown .
"I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them." -- Isaac Asimov.  .
"Computers can figure out all kinds of problems, except the things in the world that just don't add up." -- James Magary.  .
"In all large corporations, there is a pervasive fear that someone, somewhere is having fun with a computer on company time.  Networks help alleviate that fear." -- John C. Dvorak.  .
"Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining." -- Jeff Raskin.  .
"If computers get too powerful, we can organize them into a committee -- that will do them in." -- Bradley's Bromide.  .
"The most likely way for the world to be destroyed, most experts agree, is by accident. That's where we come in; we're computer professionals. We cause accidents." -- Nathaniel Borenstein.  .
"To err is human -- and to blame it on a computer is even more so." -- Robert Orben.  .
"If the automobile had followed the same development cycle as the computer, a Rolls-Royce would today cost $100, get a million miles per gallon, and explode once a year, killing everyone inside." -- Robert X. Cringely.  .
"If you put tomfoolery into a computer, nothing comes out of it but tomfoolery. But this tomfoolery, having passed through a very expensive machine, is somehow enobled and no-one dares criticize it." -- Pierre Gallois.  .
"Descended from the apes? Let us hope that it is not true. But if it is, let us pray that it may not become generally known." -- FA Montagu.  .
"I am an expert of electricity. My father occupied the chair of applied electricity at the state prison." -- WC Fields.  .
"My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher." -- Socrates.  .
"An intellectual is someone who has found something more interesting than sex." -- Edgar Wallace.  .
"You ask me if I keep a notebook to record my great ideas. I've only ever had one." -- Albert Einstein.  .
"Only one man ever understood me, and he didn't understand me." -- GW Hegel.  .
"Chaos Theory is a new theory invented by scientists panicked by the thought that the public were beginning to understand the old ones." -- Mike Barfield.  .
"The secret of creativity is knowing how to hide your sources." -- Albert Einstein.  .
"Louis Pasteur's theory of germs is ridiculous fiction." -- Pierre Pachet, Professor of Physiology at Toulouse, 1872 .
"The wireless music box has no imaginable commercial value. Who would pay for a message sent to nobody in particular?" -- David Sarnoff's associates in response to his urging for investment in the radio in the 1920s.  .
"Researchers have discovered that chocolate produces some of the same reactions in the brain as marijuana. The researchers also discovered other similarities between the two but can't remember what they are." -- Matt Lauer on NBC's Today Show.  .
"If it weren't for electricity we'd all be watching television by candlelight." -- George Gobel.  .
"USA Today has come out with a new survey: Apparently three out of four people make up 75 percent of the population." -- David Letterman.  .
"In ancient times they had no statistics so they had to fall back on lies." -- Stephen Leacock.  .
"Ketchup left overnight on dinner plates has a longer half-life than radioactive waste." -- Wes Smith.  .
"Biologically speaking, if something bites you it's more likely to be female." -- Desmond Morris.  .
"When I die I'm going to leave my body to science fiction." -- Steven Wright.  .
"Inanimate objects can be classified scientifically into three major categories; those that don't work, those that break down and those that get lost." -- Russell Baker.  .
"Heaven is an American salary, a Chinese cook, an English house, and a Japanese wife. Hell is defined as having a Chinese salary, an English cook, a Japanese house, and an American wife." -- James H. Kabbler III.  .
"When his life was ruined, his family killed, his farm destroyed, Job knelt down on the ground and yelled up to the heavens, 'Why god? Why me?' and the thundering voice of God answered, 'There's just something about you that pisses me off.'" -- Stephen King.  .
"How can I believe in God when just last week I got my tongue caught in the roller of an electric typewriter?" -- Woody Allen.  .
"If there is no God, who pops up the next Kleenex?" -- Art Hoppe.  .
"My mother said to me, "If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the Pope." Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso." -- Pablo Picasso.  .
"I was thrown out of college for cheating on the metaphysics exam; I looked into the soul of the boy next to me." -- Woody Allen.  .
"A good sermon should be like a woman's skirt: short enough to arouse interest but long enough to cover the essentials." -- Ronald Knox.  .
"Not only is there no God, but you try getting a plumber at weekends." -- Woody Allen.  .
"As God once said, and I think rightly..." -- Margaret Thatcher.  .
"Hearing nuns' confessions is like being stoned to death with popcorn." -- Fulton Sheen.  .
"If there is no Hell, a good many preachers are obtaining money under false pretences." -- William Sunday.  .
"I admire the Pope. I have a lot of respect for anyone who can tour without an album." -- Rita Rudner.  .
"Thank God I'm an atheist." -- Luis Bunuel.  .
"The Bible was a consolation to a fellow alone in the old cell.  The lovely thin paper with a bit of matress stuffing in it, if you could get a match, was as good a smoke as I ever tasted." -- Brendan Behan.  .
"In the begining there was nothing and God said 'Let there be light', and there was still nothing but everybody could see it." -- Dave Thomas.  .
"Sailors ought never to go to church. They ought to go to hell, where it is much more comfortable." -- HG Wells.  .
"If absolute power corrupts absolutely, where does that leave God?" -- George Deacon.  .
"I don't believe in the after life, although I am bringing a change of underwear." -- Woody Allen.  .
"When I was a kid I used to pray every night for a new bicycle.  Then I realised that the Lord doesn't work that way so I stole one and asked Him to forgive me." -- Emo Philips.  .
"When I told the people of Northern Ireland that I was an atheist, a woman in the audience stood up and said, 'Yes, but is it the God of the Catholics or the God of the Protestants in whom you don't believe?" -- Quentin Crisp.  .
"When I am dead, I hope it may be said: 'His sins were scarlet but his books were read." -- Hillaire Belloc.  .
"Sometimes I lie awake at night, and I ask, 'Where have I gone wrong?' Then a voice says to me, 'This is going to take more than one night.'" -- Charlie Brown.  .
"Maybe there is no actual place called hell. Maybe hell is just having to listen to our grandparents breathe through their noses when they're eating sandwiches." -- Jim Carrey.  .
"When did I realize I was God? Well, I was praying and I suddenly realized I was talking to myself." -- Peter O'Toole.  .
"They say such nice things about people at their funerals that it makes me sad that I'm going to miss mine by just a few days." -- Garrison Kielor.  .
"It was God who made me so beautiful. If I weren't, then I'd be a teacher." -- Linda Evangelista.  .
"The secret of a good sermon is to have a good beginning and a good ending, then having the two as close together as possible." -- George Burns.  .
"I would have made a good Pope." -- Richard Nixon.  .
"I was raised in the Jewish tradition, taught never to marry a Gentile woman, shave on a Saturday night and, most especially, never to shave a Gentile woman on a Saturday night." -- Woody Allen.  .
"God is love, but get it in writing." -- Gypsy Rose Lee.  .
"I don't pray because I don't want to bore God." -- Orson Welles.  .
"As the poet said, 'Only God can make a tree,' probably because it's so hard to figure out how to get the bark on." -- Woody Allen.  .
"I have four children which is not bad considering I'm not a Catholic." -- Peter Ustinov.  .
"I hear Glenn Hoddle has found God. That must have been one hell of a pass." -- Bob Davies.  .
"And God said, 'Let there be light' and there was light, but the Electricity Board said He would have to wait until Thursday to be connected." -- Spike Milligan.  .
"No mention of God. They keep Him up their sleeves for as long as they can, vicars do. They know it puts people off." -- Alan Bennett.  .
"I'm Jewish. I don't work out. If God had wanted us to bend over, He would have put diamonds on the floor." -- Joan Rivers.  .
"There is a charm about the forbidden that makes it unspeakably diserable." -- Mark Twain.  .
"Always go to other people's funerals, otherwise they won't come to yours." -- Yogi Berra.  .
"Death is a low chemical trick played on everybody except sequoia trees." -- JJ Furnas.  .
"Dying is a very dull, dreary affair. And my advice to you is to have nothing whatever to do with it." -- W. Somerset Maugham.  .
"Early to rise and early to bed. Makes a male healthy, wealthy and dead." -- James Thurber.  .
"Everybody wants to go to heaven, but nobody wants to die." -- Joe Louis.  .
"He had decided to live forever or die in the attempt." -- Joseph Heller.  .
"I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter." -- Winston Churchill.  .
"Death is one of the few things that can be done as easily lying down. The difference between sex and death is that with death you can do it alone and no one is going to make fun of you." -- Woody Allen.  .
"All our knowledge merely helps us to die a more painful death than animals that know nothing." -- Maurice Maeterlinck.  .
"A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic." -- Joseph Stalin.  .
"Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it." -- Woody Allen.  .
"Everything is drive-through. In California, they even have a burial service called Jump-In-The-Box." -- Wil Shriner.  .
"In this world, nothing is certain but death and taxes." -- Benjamin Franklin.  .
"The fear of death is the most unjustified of all fears, for there's no risk of accident for someone who's dead." -- Albert Einstein.  .
"I wouldn't mind dying - it's the business of having to stay dead that scares the shit out of me." -- R. Geis.  .
"It's impossible to experience one's death objectively and still carry a tune." -- Woody Allen.  .
"For if he like a madman lived, At least he like a wise one died." -- Cervantes.  .
"Death does not concern us, because as long as we exist, death is not here. And when it does come, we no longer exist." -- Epicurus.  .
"Am I lightheaded because I'm not dead or because I'm still alive?" -- Heidi Sandige.  .
"A low voter turnout is an indication of fewer people going to the polls." -- George W. Bush .
"I was raised in the West. The west of Texas. It's pretty close to California. In more ways than Washington, D.C., is close to California." -- George W. Bush .
"Rarely is the question asked: Is our children learning?" -- George W. Bush .
"What I am against is quotas. I am against hard quotas, quotas they basically delineate based upon whatever. However they delineate, quotas, I think, vulcanize society. So I don't know how that fits into what everybody else is saying, their relative positions, but that's my position." -- George W. Bush .
"It's clearly a budget. It's got a lot of numbers in it." -- George W. Bush .
"One word sums up probably the responsibility of any Governor, and that one word is 'to be prepared'." -- George W. Bush .
"If you're sick and tired of the politics of cynicism and polls and principles, come and join this campaign." -- George W. Bush .
"We must all hear the universal call to like your neighbor like you like to be liked yourself." -- George W. Bush .
"The most important job is not to be Governor, or First Lady in my case." -- George W. Bush .
"If people can judge me on the company I keep, they would judge me with keeping really good company with Laura." -- George W. Bush .
"You'll notice that Nancy Reagan never drinks water when Ronnie speaks." -- Robin Williams.  .
"I'm not going to have some reporters pawing through our papers.  We are the president." -- Hillary Clinton.  .
"A committee is a group of people who individually can do nothing but together can decide that nothing can be done." -- Fred Allen.  .
"Richard Nixon is a no good, lying bastard. He can lie out of both sides of his mouth at the same time, and if he ever caught himself telling the truth, he'd lie just to keep his hand in." -- Harry S. Truman.  .
"Behind every successful man is a woman, behind her is his wife." -- Groucho Marx .
"Marry me and I'll never look at another horse!" -- Groucho Marx .
"A woman is an occasional pleasure but a cigar is always a smoke." -- Groucho Marx .
"Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog, it's too dark to read." -- Groucho Marx .
"Why was I with her? She reminds me of you. In fact, she reminds me more of you than you do!" -- Groucho Marx .
"Women should be obscene and not heard." -- Groucho Marx .
"Either he's dead or my watch has stopped." -- Groucho Marx .
"I don't care to belong to a club that accepts people like me as members." -- Groucho Marx .
"I must confess, I was born at a very early age." -- Groucho Marx .
"I have had a perfectly wonderful evening, but this wasn't it." -- Groucho Marx .
"Room service? Send up a larger room." -- Groucho Marx .
"I never forget a face, but in your case I'll be glad to make an exception." -- Groucho Marx .
"A man's only as old as the woman he feels." -- Groucho Marx .
"One morning I shot a bear in my pajamas. How it got into my pajamas I'll never know." -- Groucho Marx .
"If I held you any closer I would be on the other side of you." -- Groucho Marx .
"I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury." -- Groucho Marx .
"Who are you going to believe, me or your own eyes?" -- Groucho Marx .
"Quote me as saying I was mis-quoted." -- Groucho Marx .
"A child of five could understand this. Fetch me a child of five." -- Groucho Marx .
"Those are my principles. If you don't like them I have others." -- Groucho Marx .
"Police arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. They charged one and let the other one off." -- Tommy Cooper .
"A blind bloke walks into a shop with a guide dog. He picks the Dog up and starts swinging it around his head. Alarmed, a shop assistant calls out: 'Can I help, sir?' 'No thanks,' says the blind bloke. 'Just looking.'"  -- Tommy Cooper .
"It's strange, isn't it. You stand in the middle of a library and go 'aaaaagghhhh' and everyone just stares at you. But you do the same thing on an aeroplane, and everyone joins in." -- Tommy Cooper .
"So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me "Can you give me a lift?" I said "Sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it.'" -- Tommy Cooper .
"You know, somebody actually complimented me on my driving today.  They left a little note on the windscreen, it said 'Parking Fine.'" -- Tommy Cooper .
"So I went to the dentist. He said "Say Aaah." I said "Why?" He said "My dog's died.'" -- Tommy Cooper .
"So I rang up a local building firm, I said 'I want a skip outside my house.' He said 'I'm not stopping you.'" -- Tommy Cooper .
"So I was in my car, and I was driving along, and my boss rang up and he said 'You've been promoted'. And I swerved.  And then he rang up a second time and said 'You've been promoted again'. And I swerved again.  He rang up a third time and said 'You're managing director.' And I went into a tree.  And a policeman came up and said 'What happened to you?' And I Said 'I careered off the road.'" -- Tommy Cooper .
"Don't knock masturbation, it's sex with someone I love ." -- Woody Allen, From 'Annie Hall' 1977.  .
"A fast word about oral contraception. I asked a girl to go to bed with me, she said 'no'." -- Woody Allen .
"It's not that I'm afraid to die, I just don't want to be there when it happens." -- Woody Allen, From 'Death' 1975.  .
"There are worse things in life than death. Have you ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman?" -- Woody Allen .
"Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons." -- Woody Allen, From 'Without Feathers' 1976.  .
"I failed to make the chess team because of my height." -- Woody Allen .
"I believe that sex is a beautiful thing between two people.  Between five, it's fantastic." -- Woody Allen .
"Love is the answer - but while you're waiting for the answer sex raises some pretty good questions." -- Woody Allen .
"I'm very proud of my gold pocket watch. My grandfather, on his deathbed, sold me this watch." -- Woody Allen .
"I'm always amazed to hear of air crash victims so badly mutilated that they have to be identified by their dental records. What I can't understand is, if they don't know who you are, how do they know who your dentist is?" -- Paul Merton.  .
"The Stones, I love the Stones. I watch them whenever I can. Fred, Barney..." -- Steven Wright.  .
"First you forget names, then you forget faces. Next you forget to pull your zipper up and finally, you forget to pull it down." -- George Burns.  .
"The pen is mightier than the sword, and considerably easier to write with." -- Marty Feldman.  .
"We had gay burglars the other night. They broke in and rearranged the furniture." -- Robin Williams.  .
"If toast always lands butter-side down, and cats always land on their feet, what happens if you strap toast on the back of a cat and drop it?" -- Steven Wright.  .
"I'm desperately trying to figure out why kamikaze pilots wore helmets." -- Dave Edison.  .
"Did you ever walk in a room and forget why you walked in? I think that's how dogs spend their lives." -- Sue Murphy.  .
"A sure cure for seasickness is to sit under a tree." -- Spike Milligan.  .
"Why don't they make the whole plane out of that black box stuff." -- Steven Wright.  .
"I once heard two ladies going on and on about the pains of childbirth and how men don't seem to know what real pain is. I asked if either of them ever got themselves caught in a zipper." -- Emo Philips.  .
"My neighbour asked if he could use my lawnmower and I told him of course he could, so long as he didn't take it out of my garden." -- Eric Morecambe.  .
"You're about as useful as a one-legged man at an arse kicking contest." -- Rowan Atkinson.  .
"He managed to stupid himself right into the White House." -- Charles Appel about George W. Bush .
"Reality is that which, when you stop believing in it, doesn't go away." -- Philip K. Dick.  .
"Believe those who are seeking the truth. Doubt those who find it." -- André Gide .
"Just because bulldozers are used to build highways doesn't mean bulldozers are the best way to travel on a highway." -- Danny Thorpe in borland.public.delphi.non-technical .
"Write a wise word and your name will live forever." -- Anonymous .
"To the Honourable Member opposite I say, when he goes home tonight, may his mother run out from under the porch and bark at him" -- John G. Diefenbaker .
"Sterling's Corollary to Clarke's Law: Any sufficiently advanced garbage is indistinguishable from magic." .
"Minsky's Second Law: Don't just do something. Stand there." -- Marvin Minsky .
"Devlin's First Law - Buyer beware: in the hands of a charlatan, mathematics can be used to make a vacuous argument look impressive.  Devlin's Second Law - So can PowerPoint." -- Keith Devlin .
"Gigerenzer's Law of Indispensable Ignorance: The world cannot function without partially ignorant people." -- Gerd Gigerenzer .
"Lohr's Law: The future is merely the past with a twist - and better tools." -- Steve Lohr .
"Raymond's Law of Software: Given a sufficiently large number of eyeballs, all bugs are shallow." -- Eric S. Raymond .
"Barabási's Law of Programming: Program development ends when the program does what you expect it to do - whether it is correct or not." -- Albert-László Barabási .
"Anyone who starts a sentence, 'With all due respect ...' is about to insult you." -- unknown .
"The only one listening to both sides of an argument is the neighbor in the next apartment" -- unknown .
"Cholesterol is your natural defence against excessive circulation of blood, which can carry venoms, poisons and other toxins around your body." -- Michael Warner, in bpot .
"Mit der Dummheit kämpfen Götter selbst vergebens" "Against stupidity the (very) gods themselves contend in vain" -- Friedrich von Schiller .
"There Ought to be Limits to Freedom!" -- George W. Bush, commenting on gwbush.com (05/21/1999) .
"We are Dyslexia of Borg. Fusistance is retile. Your ass will be laminated." -- unknown .
ICTOARTCYAODHTIOTSSIWRTNCAHICGAWI, Acronym: "I Can't Think Of Anything Reasonable To Counter Your Argument Or Don't Have The Least Inkling Of The Subject So I Will Resort To Name Calling And Hope I Can Get Away With It." -- Ken de Camargo, borland.public.off-topic .
"I don't approve of political jokes... I've seen too many of them get elected." -- unknown .
"I plan to live forever. So far so good." -- Rob C. Claffie in borland.public.off-topic .
"Millions long for immortality who do not know what to do with themselves on a rainy Sunday afternoon." -- Susan Ertz .
"If the United Nations once admits that international disputes can be settled by using force, then we will have destroyed the foundation of the organization and our best hope of establishing a world order." -- Dwight D. Eisenhower .
"When you hear hoofbeats, think of horses, not zebras." -- Old saying .
"Sex is like a Chinese dinner. It isn't over until everyone gets their cookies." -- from the movie "Outside Providence" .
"A picture is worth a thousand words (which is why it takes a thousand times longer to load...)" -- Eric Tilton, Composing Good HTML .
"1001 words say more than one picture" -- Chinese proverb .
"There is no idea so simple and powerful that you can't get zillions of people to misunderstand it." -- Alan Kay .
"The purpose of computing is not numbers but insight." -- Richard Hamming .
"They have computers, and they may have other weapons of mass destruction." -- Janet Reno, Us Attorney General, 02-27-98 .
"Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence." -- Source Unknown .
"Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody thinks of complaining." -- Jeff Raskin .
"Programming is like sex: one mistake and you have to support it for the rest of your life." -- Michael Sinz .
"Linux is like living in a teepee. No Windows, no Gates, Apache in house." -- Usenet signature .
"DOS Computers manufactured by companies such as IBM, Compaq, Tandy, and millions of others are by far the most popular, with about 70 million machines in use worldwide. Macintosh fans, on the other hand, may note that cockroaches are far more numerous than humans, and that numbers alone do not denote a higher life form." -- New York Times, November 26, 1991 .
"Politics is the art of looking for trouble, finding it everywhere, diagnosing it incorrectly, and applying the wrong remedies." -- Groucho Marx .
"Momma always said life was like a box of chocolates. You never know what you're gonna get." -- Forest Gump .
"I invented the term Object-Oriented, and I can tell you I did not have C++ in mind." -- Alan Kay .
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one." -- Albert Einstein .
"Never test for an error condition you don't know how to handle." -- Steinbach's Guideline for Systems Programmers.  .
"Science is what people understand well enough to explain to a computer. All else is art." -- Donald Knuth .
"Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proven it correct, not tried it." -- Donald E. Knuth.  .
"Object-oriented programming is an exceptionally bad idea which could only have originated in California." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"Object-oriented programming is a style of programming designed to teach students about stacks." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"Programming is one of the most difficult branches of applied mathematics; the poorer mathematicians had better remain pure mathematicians." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"The use of anthropomorphic terminology when dealing with computing systems is a symptom of professional immaturity." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"About the use of language: it is impossible to sharpen a pencil with a blunt axe. It is equally vain to try to do it with ten blunt axes instead." -- Edsger W. Dijkstra .
"If FORTRAN has been called an infantile disorder, then PL/I must be classified as a fatal disease." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"Testing proves the presence, not the absence, of bugs." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"The question of whether a computer can think is no more interesting than the question of whether a submarine can swim." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"It is practically imposible to teach good programming to students that have had a prior exposure to BASIC: as potential programmers they are mentally mutilated beyond hope of regeneration." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
Bible, Dijkstra 5:15 "and the clueless shall spend their time reinventing the wheel while the elite merely use the Wordstar key mappings" -- Ed Mulroy .
"Why did God create dentists? -- In his infinite love, he thought it would be charitable to His creatures to let them see what Hell is like, during their lives." -- PhR .
Customer: "I'm running Windows '95." Tech:     "Yes." Customer: "My computer isn't working now." Tech:     "Yes, you said that." .
"If we knew what it was we were doing, it would not be called research, would it?" -- Albert Einstein .
"A [pseudo]random number generator is much like sex: when it's good it's wonderful, and when it's bad it's still pretty good." -- G. Marsaglia .
"A model is done when nothing else can be taken out." -- Dyson .
"Real life is that big, high-res, high-color screen saver behind all the windows." -- anonymous .
"We've all heard that a million monkeys banging on a million typewriters will eventually reproduce the entire works of Shakespeare. Now, thanks to the Internet, we know this is not true." -- Robert Wilensky .
"Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted." -- Albert Einstein .
"Physics is not a religion. If it were, we'd have a much easier time raising money." -- Leon Lenderman .
"Java, the best argument for Smalltalk since C++." -- unknown .
"Computers are useless; they can only give you answers." -- Pablo Picasso .
"Life would be so much easier if we could just see the source code." -- unknown .
"Deliver yesterday, code today, think tomorrow." -- unknown .
"Having the source code is the difference between buying a house and renting an apartment." -- Behlendorf .
"C++: an octopus made by nailing extra legs onto a dog" -- unknown .
"C combines all the power of assembly language with the ease of use of assembly language" -- trad .
"God is real unless declared integer" -- david .
"Java: the elegant simplicity of C++ and the blazing speed of Smalltalk." -- Roland Turner .
"Quotation confesses inferiority." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson .
"A mind all logic is like a knife all blade. It makes the hand bleed that uses it." -- Rabindranath Tagore .
"Sometimes, the best answer is a more interesting question" -- Terry Pratchett .
"Before C++ we had to code all of our bugs by hand; now we inherit them." -- unknown .
"Incrementing C by 1 is not enough to make a good object-oriented language."  -- M. Sakkinen .
"Science is like sex: sometimes something useful comes out, but that is not the reason we are doing it" -- Richard Feynman .
"Man is the best computer we can put aboard a spacecraft... and the only one that can be mass produced with unskilled labor." -- Wernher von Braun .
"Computer /nm./: a device designed to speed and automate errors." -- From the Jargon File.  .
"RAM /abr./: Rarely Adequate Memory." -- From the Jargon File .
"A printer consists of three main parts: the case, the jammed paper tray and the blinking red light" -- unknown .
"Real Programmers always confuse Christmas and Halloween because Oct31 == Dec25 !" -- Andrew Rutherford .
"2 + 2 = 5, for extremely large values of 2." -- unknown .
"ASCII stupid question, get a stupid ANSI !" -- unknown .
"Multitasking /adj./ 3 PCs and a chair with wheels !" -- unknown .
"Pascal /n./ A programming language named after a man who would turn over in his grave if he knew about it." -- From the Jargon File .
"If it wasn't for C, we'd be writing programs in BASI, PASAL, and OBOL." -- unknown .
"I have yet to meet a C compiler that is more friendly and easier to use than eating soup with a knife." -- unknown .
"... one of the main causes of the fall of the Roman Empire was that, lacking zero, they had no way to indicate successful termination of their C programs." -- Robert Firth .
"Do you program in Assembly ?" she asked. "NOP," he said.  .
"Smith & Wesson - the original point and click interface." .
"We should leave our minds open, but not so open that our brains fall out." -- Alan Ross Anderson .
"The difference between what the most and the least learned people know is inexpressibly trivial in relation to that which is unknown."  -- Albert Einstein .
"Statistics is like a bikini. What they reveal is suggestive.  What they conceal is vital." -- Arthur Koestler .
"A hen is only an egg's way of making another egg." -- Samuel Butler .
"It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education." -- Albert Einstein .
"Gravity cannot be held responsible for people falling in love." -- Albert Einstein .
"Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen." -- Albert Einstein .
"The secret to creativity is knowing how to hide your sources." -- Albert Einstein .
"Intellectuals solve problems; geniuses prevent them." -- Albert Einstein .
"Put your hand on a hot stove for a minute, and it seems like an hour. Sit with a pretty girl for an hour, and it seems like a minute. THAT'S relativity." -- Albert Einstein?  .
"To iterate is human, to recurse divine." -- L. Peter Deutsch .
"Premature optimization is the root of all evil." -- Donald Knuth .
"UNIX is simple. It just takes a genius to understand its simplicity."-- Dennis Ritchie .
"If you give a man a fish, he will eat for today. If you teach him to fish, he'll understand why some people think golf is exciting." -- P.G. Wodehouse .
"I'd give my right arm to be ambidextrous." -- Brian Kernighan .
"I know that there are people in this world who do not love their fellow human beings, and I hate people like that." -- Tom Lehrer .
"Yes, I'm fat, but you're ugly and I can go on a diet." -- bumper sticker .
"I want to die in my sleep like my grandfather...  not screaming and yelling like the passengers in his car..." -- bumper sticker .
"Time is the best teacher; Unfortunately it kills all its students!" -- bumper sticker .
"Diplomacy is the art of saying 'Nice doggie!'... 'til you can find a rock." -- bumper sticker .
"Ever stop to think, and forget to start again?" -- bumper sticker .
"If you need more than five lines to prove something, then you are on the wrong track" -- Edgser W. Dijkstra's mother [ibid, p. 55] .
"If you think it's simple, then you have misunderstood the problem." -- Bjarne Stroustrup [lecture at Temple U., 11/25/97] .
"True. When your hammer is C++, everything begins to look like a thumb." -- Steve Haflich, in comp.lang.c++ .
"I have made this letter longer than usual because I lack the time to make it shorter." -- Blaise Pascal .
The "abort()" function is now called "choice()." -- from the "Politically Correct UNIX System VI Release notes" .
"We don't make mistakes, we just have happy little accidents." -- Bob Ross, "The Joy of Painting" .
"Modern capitalism is not about free markets, it is about building sufficient mass that the market gravitationally collapses around you."-- Alisdair Meredith .
"If quantum physics doesn't confuse you then you don't understand it." -- Niels Bohr .
"If the brain were so simple we could understand it, we would be so simple we couldn't." -- Lyall Watson .
"Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo." -- H. G. Wells (1866-1946) .
"Glory is fleeting, but obscurity is forever." -- Napoleon Bonaparte (1769-1821) .
"Victory goes to the player who makes the next-to-last mistake." -- Chessmaster Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower (1887-1956) .
"Don't be so humble - you are not that great." -- Golda Meir (1898-1978) to a visiting diplomat .
"His ignorance is encyclopedic" -- Abba Eban (1915-2002) .
"If a man does his best, what else is there?" -- General George S. Patton (1885-1945) .
"I can write better than anybody who can write faster, and I can write faster than anybody who can write better." -- A. J. Liebling (1904-1963) .
"People demand freedom of speech to make up for the freedom of thought which they avoid." -- Soren Aabye Kierkegaard (1813-1855) .
"Give me chastity and continence, but not yet." -- Saint Augustine (354-430) .
"Not everything that can be counted counts, and not everything that counts can be counted." -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955) .
"Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former." -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955) .
"A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on." -- Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) .
"I do not feel obliged to believe that the same God who has endowed us with sense, reason, and intellect has intended us to forgo their use." -- Galileo Galilei .
"The artist is nothing without the gift, but the gift is nothing without work." -- Emile Zola (1840-1902) .
"This book fills a much-needed gap." -- Moses Hadas (1900-1966) in a review .
"The full use of your powers along lines of excellence." -- definition of "happiness" by John F. Kennedy (1917-1963) .
"I'm living so far beyond my income that we may almost be said to be living apart." -- e e cummings (1894-1962) .
"Give me a museum and I'll fill it." -- Pablo Picasso (1881-1973) .
"Assassins!" -- Arturo Toscanini (1867-1957) to his orchestra .
"I'll moider da bum." -- Heavyweight boxer Tony Galento, when asked what he thought of William Shakespeare .
"In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice.  But, in practice, there is." -- Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut .
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." -- Thomas Jefferson (1743-1826) .
"Each problem that I solved became a rule which served afterwards to solve other problems." -- Rene Descartes (1596-1650), "Discours de la Methode" .
"In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." -- Martin Luther King Jr. (1929-1968) .
"Whether you think that you can, or that you can't, you are usually right." -- Henry Ford (1863-1947) .
"Do, or do not. There is no 'try'." -- Yoda ('The Empire Strikes Back') .
"The only way to get rid of a temptation is to yield to it." -- Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) .
"Don't stay in bed, unless you can make money in bed." -- George Burns (1896-1996) .
"I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves." -- Ludwig Wittgenstein (1889-1951) .
"The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should, therefore, be regarded as a criminal offense." -- Edsger Dijkstra .
"C makes it easy to shoot yourself in the foot; C++ makes it harder, but when you do, it blows away your whole leg." -- Bjarne Stroustrup .
"A mathematician is a device for turning coffee into theorems." -- Paul Erdos .
"The only difference between me and a madman is that I'm not mad." -- Salvador Dali (1904-1989) .
"If you can't get rid of the skeleton in your closet, you'd best teach it to dance." -- George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950) .
"But at my back I always hear Time's winged chariot hurrying near." -- Andrew Marvell (1621-1678) .
"Good people do not need laws to tell them to act responsibly, while bad people will find a way around the laws." -- Plato (427-347 B.C.) .
"The power of accurate observation is frequently called cynicism by those who don't have it." -- George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950) .
"Whenever I climb I am followed by a dog called 'Ego'." - Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) .
"We have art to save ourselves from the truth." - Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) .
"Never interrupt your enemy when he is making a mistake." - Napoleon Bonaparte (1769-1821) .
"I think 'Hail to the Chief' has a nice ring to it." -- John F. Kennedy (1917-1963) when asked what is his favorite song .
"Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe." -- H. G. Wells (1866-1946) .
"Talent does what it can; genius does what it must." - Edward George Bulwer-Lytton (1803-1873) .
"The difference between 'involvement' and 'commitment' is like an eggs-and-ham breakfast: the chicken was 'involved' - the pig was 'committed'." -- unknown .
"If you are going through hell, keep going." - Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) .
"I'm all in favor of keeping dangerous weapons out of the hands of fools. Let's start with typewriters." -- Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959) .
"Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go." -- Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) .
"God is a comedian playing to an audience too afraid to laugh." -- Voltaire (1694-1778) .
"He is one of those people who would be enormously improved by death." -- H. H. Munro (Saki) (1870-1916) .
"I am ready to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter." -- Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) .
"I shall not waste my days in trying to prolong them." -- Ian L. Fleming (1908-1964) .
"If you can count your money, you don't have a billion dollars." -- J. Paul Getty (1892-1976) .
"Facts are the enemy of truth." -- Don Quixote - "Man of La Mancha" .
"When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world." -- George Washington Carver (1864-1943) .
"How wrong it is for a woman to expect the man to build the world she wants, rather than to create it herself." -- Anais Nin (1903-1977) .
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." -- Thomas Alva Edison (1847-1931) .
"I begin by taking. I shall find scholars later to demonstrate my perfect right." -- Frederick (II) the Great .
"Maybe this world is another planet's Hell." -- Aldous Huxley (1894-1963) .
"Blessed is the man, who having nothing to say, abstains from giving wordy evidence of the fact." -- George Eliot (1819-1880) .
"Once you eliminate the impossible, whatever remains, no matter how improbable, must be the truth." -- Sherlock Holmes (by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, 1859-1930) .
"Black holes are where God divided by zero." - Steven Wright .
"I've had a wonderful time, but this wasn't it." -- Groucho Marx (1895-1977) .
"It's kind of fun to do the impossible." - Walt Disney (1901-1966) .
"We didn't lose the game; we just ran out of time." - Vince Lombardi .
"The optimist proclaims that we live in the best of all possible worlds, and the pessimist fears this is true." -- James Branch Cabell .
"A friendship founded on business is better than a business founded on friendship." -- John D. Rockefeller (1874-1960) .
"All are lunatics, but he who can analyze his delusion is called a philosopher." -- Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914) .
"You can only find truth with logic if you have already found truth without it." -- Gilbert Keith Chesterton (1874-1936) .
"An inconvenience is only an adventure wrongly considered; an adventure is an inconvenience rightly considered." -- Gilbert Keith Chesterton (1874-1936) .
"I have come to believe that the whole world is an enigma, a harmless enigma that is made terrible by our own mad attempt to interpret it as though it had an underlying truth." -- Umberto Eco .
"Be nice to people on your way up because you meet them on your way down." -- Jimmy Durante .
"The true measure of a man is how he treats someone who can do him absolutely no good." -- Samuel Johnson (1709-1784) .
"A people that values its privileges above its principles soon loses both." -- Dwight D. Eisenhower (1890-1969), Inaugural Address, January 20, 1953 .
"The significant problems we face cannot be solved at the same level of thinking we were at when we created them." -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955) .
"Basically, I no longer work for anything but the sensation I have while working." -- Albert Giacometti (sculptor) .
"All truth passes through three stages. First, it is ridiculed.  Second, it is violently opposed. Third, it is accepted as being self-evident." -- Arthur Schopenhauer (1788-1860) .
"Many a man's reputation would not know his character if they met on the street." -- Elbert Hubbard (1856-1915) .
"There is more stupidity than hydrogen in the universe, and it has a longer shelf life." -- Frank Zappa .
"Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away." -- Antoine de Saint Exupéry .
"Life is pleasant. Death is peaceful. It's the transition that's troublesome." -- Isaac Asimov .
"If you want to make an apple pie from scratch, you must first create the universe." -- Carl Sagan .
"It is much more comfortable to be mad and know it, than to be sane and have one's doubts." -- G. B. Burgin .
"Once is happenstance. Twice is coincidence. Three times is enemy action." -- Auric Goldfinger, in "Goldfinger" by Ian L. Fleming (1908-1964) .
"To love oneself is the beginning of a lifelong romance" -- Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) .
"Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens." -- Jimi Hendrix .
"A clever man commits no minor blunders." -- Goethe (1749-1832) .
"Argue for your limitations, and sure enough they're yours." -- Richard Bach .
"A witty saying proves nothing." -- Voltaire (1694-1778) .
"Education is a progressive discovery of our own ignorance." -- Will Durant .
"I have often regretted my speech, never my silence." -- Xenocrates (396-314 B.C.) .
"It was the experience of mystery -- even if mixed with fear -- that engendered religion." -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955) .
"If everything seems under control, you're just not going fast enough." -- Mario Andretti .
"I do not consider it an insult, but rather a compliment to be called an agnostic. I do not pretend to know where many ignorant men are sure -- that is all that agnosticism means." -- Clarence Darrow, Scopes trial, 1925.  .
"Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal." -- Henry Ford (1863-1947) .
"I'll sleep when I'm dead." -- Warren Zevon .
"There are people in the world so hungry, that God cannot appear to them except in the form of bread." -- Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948) .
"If you gaze long into an abyss, the abyss will gaze back into you." -- Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) .
"The instinct of nearly all societies is to lock up anybody who is truly free. First, society begins by trying to beat you up.  If this fails, they try to poison you. If this fails too, the finish by loading honors on your head." -- Jean Cocteau (1889-1963) .
"Everyone is a genius at least once a year; a real genius has his original ideas closer together." -- Georg Lichtenberg (1742-1799) .
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it" -- Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862) .
"While we are postponing, life speeds by." -- Seneca (3BC - 65AD) .
"Where are we going, and why am I in this handbasket?" -- Bumper Sticker .
"God, please save me from your followers!" -- Bumper Sticker .
"Fill what's empty, empty what's full, and scratch where it itches." -- the Duchess of Windsor, when asked what is the secret of a long and happy life .
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." -- Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948) .
"Luck is the residue of design." -- Branch Rickey - former owner of the Brooklyn Dodger Baseball Team .
"Tragedy is when I cut my finger. Comedy is when you walk into an open sewer and die." -- Mel Brooks .
"Most people would sooner die than think; in fact, they do so." -- Bertrand Russell (1872-1970) .
"Wit is educated insolence." -- Aristotle (384-322 B.C.) .
"My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher." -- Socrates (470-399 B.C.) .
"Egotist: a person more interested in himself than in me." -- Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914) .
"A narcissist is someone better looking than you are." - Gore Vidal .
"Wise men make proverbs, but fools repeat them." - Samuel Palmer (1805-80) .
"It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity." -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955) .
"The secret of success is to know something nobody else knows." -- Aristotle Onassis (1906-1975) .
"Sometimes when reading Goethe I have the paralyzing suspicion that he is trying to be funny." -- Guy Davenport .
"When you have to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite." -- Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) .
"Any man who is under 30, and is not a liberal, has not heart; and any man who is over 30, and is not a conservative, has no brains." -- Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) .
"The opposite of a correct statement is a false statement. The opposite of a profound truth may well be another profound truth." -- Niels Bohr (1885-1962) .
"We all agree that your theory is crazy, but is it crazy enough?" -- Niels Bohr (1885-1962) .
"When I am working on a problem I never think about beauty. I only think about how to solve the problem. But when I have finished, if the solution is not beautiful, I know it is wrong." -- Buckminster Fuller (1895-1983) .
"In science one tries to tell people, in such a way as to be understood by everyone, something that no one ever knew before.  But in poetry, it's the exact opposite." -- Paul Dirac (1902-1984) .
"I would have made a good Pope." -- Richard M. Nixon (1913-1994) .
"In any contest between power and patience, bet on patience." -- W.B. Prescott .
"Anyone who considers arithmetical methods of producing random digits is, of course, in a state of sin." -- John von Neumann (1903-1957) .
"The mistakes are all waiting to be made." -- chessmaster Savielly Grigorievitch Tartakower (1887-1956) on the game's opening position .
"It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims." -- Aristotle (384-322 B.C.) .
"Grove giveth and Gates taketh away." -- Bob Metcalfe (inventor of Ethernet) on the trend of hardware speedups not being able to keep up with software demands .
"Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one." -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955) .
"One of the symptoms of an approaching nervous breakdown is the belief that one's work is terribly important." -- Bertrand Russell (1872-1970) .
"A little inaccuracy sometimes saves a ton of explanation." -- H. H. Munro (Saki) (1870-1916) .
"There are two ways of constructing a software design; one way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies, and the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. The first method is far more difficult." -- C. A. R. Hoare .
"Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler." -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955) .
"What do you take me for, an idiot?" -- General Charles de Gaulle (1890-1970), when a journalist asked him if he was happy .
"I heard someone tried the monkeys-on-typewriters bit trying for the plays of W. Shakespeare, but all they got was the collected works of Francis Bacon." -- Bill Hirst .
"Three o'clock is always too late or too early for anything you want to do." -- Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980) .
"A doctor can bury his mistakes but an architect can only advise his clients to plant vines." -- Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959) .
"It is dangerous to be sincere unless you are also stupid." - George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950) .
"If you haven't got anything nice to say about anybody, come sit next to me." -- Alice Roosevelt Longworth (1884-1980) .
"A man can't be too careful in the choice of his enemies." -- Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) .
"Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names." -- John F. Kennedy (1917-1963) .
"Logic is in the eye of the logician." -- Gloria Steinem .
"No one can earn a million dollars honestly." -- William Jennings Bryan (1860-1925) .
"Everything has been figured out, except how to live." -- Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980) .
"Well-timed silence hath more eloquence than speech." - Martin Fraquhar Tupper .
"Thank you for sending me a copy of your book - I'll waste no time reading it." -- Moses Hadas (1900-1966) .
"From the moment I picked your book up until I laid it down I was convulsed with laughter. Some day I intend reading it." -- Groucho Marx (1895-1977) .
"It is better to have a permanent income than to be fascinating." -- Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) .
"When ideas fail, words come in very handy." -- Goethe (1749-1832) .
"In the end, everything is a gag." -- Charlie Chaplin (1889-1977) .
"The nice thing about egotists is that they don't talk about other people." -- Lucille S. Harper .
"You got to be careful if you don't know where you're going, because you might not get there." -- Yogi Berra .
"I love Mickey Mouse more than any woman I have ever known." -- Walt Disney (1901-1966) .
"He who hesitates is a damned fool." -- Mae West (1892-1980) .
"Good teaching is one-fourth preparation and three-fourths theater." -- Gail Godwin .
"University politics are vicious precisely because the stakes are so small." -- Henry Kissinger (1923-) .
"The graveyards are full of indispensable men." -- Charles de Gaulle (1890-1970) .
"You can pretend to be serious; you can't pretend to be witty." -- Sacha Guitry (1885-1957) .
"Behind every great fortune there is a crime." -- Honore de Balzac (1799-1850) .
"If women didn't exist, all the money in the world would have no meaning." -- Aristotle Onassis (1906-1975) .
"I am not young enough to know everything." -- Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) .
"The object of war is not to die for your country but to make the other bastard die for his." -- General George Patton (1885-1945) .
"Sometimes a scream is better than a thesis." -- Ralph Waldo Emerson (1803-1882) .
"There is no sincerer love than the love of food." -- George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950) .
"I don't even butter my bread; I consider that cooking." -- Katherine Cebrian .
"I have an existential map; it has 'you are here' written all over it." -- Steven Wright .
"Mr. Wagner has beautiful moments but bad quarters of an hour." - Gioacchino Rossini (1792-1868) .
"Manuscript: something submitted in haste and returned at leisure." -- Oliver Herford (1863-1935) .
"I have read your book and much like it." -- Moses Hadas (1900-1966) .
"The covers of this book are too far apart." -- Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914) .
"Everywhere I go I'm asked if I think the university stifles writers. My opinion is that they don't stifle enough of them." -- Flannery O'Connor (1925-1964) .
"Too many pieces of music finish too long after the end." -- Igor Stravinsky (1882-1971) .
"Anything that is too stupid to be spoken is sung." -- Voltaire (1694-1778) .
"When choosing between two evils, I always like to try the one I've never tried before." -- Mae West (1892-1980) .
"I don't know anything about music. In my line you don't have to." -- Elvis Presley (1935-1977) .
"No Sane man will dance." -- Cicero (106-43 B.C.) .
"Hell is a half-filled auditorium." -- Robert Frost (1874-1963) .
"Show me a sane man and I will cure him for you." -- Carl Gustav Jung (1875-1961) .
"Vote early and vote often." -- Al Capone (1899-1947) .
"If I were two-faced, would I be wearing this one?" -- Abraham Lincoln (1809-1865)
"Few things are harder to put up with than a good example." - Mark Twain (1835-1910)
"Hell is other people." -- Jean-Paul Sartre (1905-1980)
"I am become death, shatterer of worlds." -- Robert J. Oppenheimer (1904-1967) (citing from the Bhagavad Gita, after witnessing the world's first nuclear explosion)
"Happiness is good health and a bad memory." -- Ingrid Bergman (1917-1982) .
"Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate." -- Thomas Jones .
"You can get more with a kind word and a gun than you can with a kind word alone." -- Al Capone (1899-1947) .
"The gods too are fond of a joke." -- Aristotle (384-322 B.C.) .
"Distrust any enterprise that requires new clothes." -- Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862) .
"The difference between pornography and erotica is lighting." -- Gloria Leonard .
"It is time I stepped aside for a less experienced and less able man." -- Professor Scott Elledge on his retirement from Cornell .
"Every day I get up and look through the Forbes list of the richest people in America. If I'm not there, I go to work." -- Robert Orben .
"The cynics are right nine times out of ten." -- Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956) .
"There are some experiences in life which should not be demanded twice from any man, and one of them is listening to the Brahms Requiem." -- George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950) .
"Attention to health is life's greatest hindrance." -- Plato (427-347 B.C.) .
"Plato was a bore." -- Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) .
"Nietzsche was stupid and abnormal." -- Leo Tolstoy (1828-1910) .
"I'm not going to get into the ring with Tolstoy." -- Ernest Hemingway (1899-1961) .
"Hemingway was a jerk." -- Harold Robbins .
"Men are not disturbed by things, but the view they take of things." -- Epictetus (55-135 A.D.) "What about things like bullets?" -- Herb Kimmel, Behavioralist, Professor of Psychology, upon hearing the above quote (1981) .
"How can I lose to such an idiot?" -- A shout from chessmaster Aaron Nimzovich (1886-1935) .
"I don't feel good." -- The last words of Luther Burbank (1849-1926) .
"Nothing is wrong with California that a rise in the ocean level wouldn't cure." -- Ross MacDonald (1915-1983) .
"Men have become the tools of their tools." -- Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862) .
"I have never let my schooling interfere with my education." -- Mark Twain (1835-1910) .
"It is now possible for a flight attendant to get a pilot pregnant." -- Richard J. Ferris, president of United Airlines .
"I never miss a chance to have sex or appear on television." -- Gore Vidal .
"I don't want to achieve immortality through my work; I want to achieve immortality through not dying." -- Woody Allen (1935-) .
"Men and nations behave wisely once they have exhausted all the other alternatives." -- Abba Eban (1915-2002) .
"To sit alone with my conscience will be judgment enough for me." -- Charles William Stubbs .
"Sanity is a madness put to good uses." -- George Santayana (1863-1952) .
"Imitation is the sincerest form of television." -- Fred Allen (1894-1956) .
"Always do right- this will gratify some and astonish the rest." -- Mark Twain (1835-1910) .
"In America, anybody can be president. That's one of the risks you take." -- Adlai Stevenson (1900-1965) .
"Copy from one, it's plagiarism; copy from two, it's research." -- Wilson Mizner (1876-1933) .
"Why don't you write books people can read?" -- Nora Joyce to her husband James (1882-1941) .
"Some editors are failed writers, but so are most writers." -- T. S. Eliot (1888-1965) .
"Criticism is prejudice made plausible." -- Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956) .
"It is better to be quotable than to be honest." -- Tom Stoppard .
"Being on the tightrope is living; everything else is waiting." -- Karl Wallenda .
"Opportunities multiply as they are seized." -- Sun Tzu .
"A scholar who cherishes the love of comfort is not fit to be deemed a scholar." -- Lao-Tzu (570?-490? BC) .
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." -- Alan Kay .
"Never mistake motion for action." -- Ernest Hemingway (1899-1961) .
"Hell is paved with good samaritans." -- William M. Holden .
"The longer I live the more I see that I am never wrong about anything, and that all the pains that I have so humbly taken to verify my notions have only wasted my time." -- George Bernard Shaw (1856-1950) .
"Silence is argument carried out by other means." -- Ernesto "Che" Guevara (1928-1967) .
"Well done is better than well said." -- Benjamin Franklin (1706-1790) .
"The average person thinks he isn't." -- Father Larry Lorenzoni .
"Heav'n hath no rage like love to hatred turn'd, Nor Hell a fury, like a woman scorn'd." -- William Congreve (1670-1729) .
"A husband is what is left of the lover after the nerve has been extracted." -- Helen Rowland (1876-1950) .
"Learning is what most adults will do for a living in the 21st century." -- Perelman .
"The man who goes alone can start today; but he who travels with another must wait till that other is ready." -- Henry David Thoreau (1817-1862) .
"There is a country in Europe where multiple-choice tests are illegal." -- Sigfried Hulzer .
"Ask her to wait a moment - I am almost done." -- Carl Friedrich Gauss (1777-1855), while working, when informed that his wife is dying .
"A pessimist sees the difficulty in every opportunity; an optimist sees the opportunity in every difficulty." -- Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) .
"I think there is a world market for maybe five computers." -- Thomas Watson (1874-1956), Chairman of IBM, 1943 .
"I think it would be a good idea." -- Mahatma Gandhi (1869-1948), when asked what he thought of Western civilization .
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." -- Edmund Burke (1729-1797) .
"I'm not a member of any organized political party, I'm a Democrat!" -- Will Rogers (1879-1935) .
"If Stupidity got us into this mess, then why can't it get us out?" -- Will Rogers (1879-1935) .
"The backbone of surprise is fusing speed with secrecy." -- Von Clausewitz (1780-1831) .
"Democracy does not guarantee equality of conditions - it only guarantees equality of opportunity." -- Irving Kristol .
"There is no reason anyone would want a computer in their home." -- Ken Olson, president, chairman and founder of Digital Equipment Corp., 1977 .
"640K ought to be enough for anybody." -- Bill Gates (1955-), in 1981 .
"The concept is interesting and well-formed, but in order to earn better than a 'C', the idea must be feasible." -- A Yale University management professor in response to student Fred Smith's paper proposing reliable overnight delivery service (Smith went on to found Federal Express Corp.) .
"Who the hell wants to hear actors talk?" -- H.M. Warner (1881-1958), founder of Warner Brothers, in 1927 .
"We don't like their sound, and guitar music is on the way out." -- Decca Recording Co. rejecting the Beatles, 1962 .
"Everything that can be invented has been invented." -- Charles H. Duell, Commissioner, U.S. Office of Patents, 1899 .
"Denial ain't just a river in Egypt." -- Mark Twain (1835-1910) .
"A pint of sweat, saves a gallon of blood." -- General George S. Patton (1885-1945) .
"After I'm dead I'd rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one." -- Cato the Elder (234-149 BC, AKA Marcus Porcius Cato) .
"He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I know." -- Abraham Lincoln (1809-1865) .
"Don't let it end like this. Tell them I said something." -- last words of Pancho Villa (1877-1923) .
"The right to swing my fist ends where the other man's nose begins." -- Oliver Wendell Holmes (1841-1935) .
"The difference between fiction and reality? Fiction has to make sense." -- Tom Clancy .
"It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog." -- Mark Twain (1835-1910) .
"It is better to be feared than loved, if you cannot be both." -- Niccolo Machiavelli (1469-1527), "The Prince" .
"Whatever is begun in anger ends in shame." -- Benjamin Franklin (1706-1790) .
"The President has kept all of the promises he intended to keep." -- Clinton aide George Stephanopolous speaking on Larry King Live .
"We're going to turn this team around 360 degrees." -- Jason Kidd, upon his drafting to the Dallas Mavericks .
"Half this game is ninety percent mental." -- Yogi Berra .
"There is only one nature - the division into science and engineering is a human imposition, not a natural one. Indeed, the division is a human failure; it reflects our limited capacity to comprehend the whole." -- Bill Wulf .
"There's many a bestseller that could have been prevented by a good teacher." -- Flannery O'Connor (1925-1964) .
"He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire." -- Sir Winston Churchill (1874-1965) .
"I criticize by creation - not by finding fault." -- Cicero (106-43 B.C.) .
"Love is friendship set on fire." -- Jeremy Taylor .
"God gave men both a penis and a brain, but unfortunately not enough blood supply to run both at the same time." -- Robin Williams, commenting on the Clinton/Lewinsky affair .
"My occupation now, I suppose, is jail inmate." -- Unibomber Theodore Kaczynski, when asked in court what his current profession was .
"Woman was God's second mistake." -- Friedrich Nietzsche (1844-1900) .
"This isn't right, this isn't even wrong." -- Wolfgang Pauli (1900-1958), upon reading a young physicist's paper .
"For centuries, theologians have been explaining the unknowable in terms of the-not-worth-knowing." -- Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956) .
"Pray, v.: To ask that the laws of the universe be annulled on behalf of a single petitioner confessedly unworthy." -- Ambrose Bierce (1842-1914) .
"Every normal man must be tempted at times to spit upon his hands, hoist the black flag, and begin slitting throats." -- Henry Louis Mencken (1880-1956) .
"Now, now my good man, this is no time for making enemies." -- Voltaire (1694-1778) on his deathbed in response to a priest asking that he renounce Satan.  .
"Fill the unforgiving minute with sixty seconds worth of distance run." -- Rudyard Kipling (1865-1936) .
"He would make a lovely corpse." -- Charles Dickens (1812-1870) .
"I've just learned about his illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial." -- Irvin S. Cobb .
"I worship the quicksand he walks in." -- Art Buchwald .
"Wagner's music is better than it sounds." -- Mark Twain (1835-1910) .
"A poem is never finished, only abandoned." -- Paul Valery (1871-1945) .
"We are not retreating - we are advancing in another Direction." -- General Douglas MacArthur (1880-1964) .
"If you were plowing a field, which would you rather use? Two strong oxen or 1024 chickens?" -- Seymour Cray (1925-1996), father of supercomputing
"#3 pencils and quadrille pads." -- Seymoure Cray (1925-1996) when asked what CAD tools he used to design the Cray I supercomputer; he also recommended using the back side of the pages so that the lines were not so dominant.
"I just bought a Mac to help me design the next Cray." -- Seymoure Cray (1925-1996) when was informed that Apple Inc.  had recently bought a Cray supercomputer to help them design the next Mac.
"Your Highness, I have no need of this hypothesis." -- Pierre Laplace (1749-1827), to Napoleon on why his works on celestial mechanics make no mention of God.
"I choose a block of marble and chop off whatever I don't need." -- Francois-Auguste Rodin (1840-1917), when asked how he managed to make his remarkable statues .
"The man who does not read good books has no advantage over the man who cannot read them." -- Mark Twain (1835-1910) .
"The truth is more important than the facts." -- Frank Lloyd Wright (1868-1959)
"Research is what I'm doing when I don't know what I'm doing." -- Wernher Von Braun (1912-1977)
"There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it." -- Oscar Wilde (1854-1900) .
"There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle." -- Albert Einstein (1879-1955)
"Be tolerant of the human race.  Your whole family belongs to it -- and some of your spouse's family too." -- Anonymous.
"Mother-in-law = A woman who destroys her son-in-law's peace of mind by giving him a piece of hers." -- Anonymous.  .
"Why do grandparents and grandchildren get along so well?  They have the same enemy -- the mother." -- Claudette Colbert.
"The first half of our life is ruined by our parents and the second half by our children." -- Clarence Darrow.
"Honolulu, it's got everything.  Sand for the children, sun for the wife, and sharks for the wife's mother." -- Ken Dodd.  .
"A coward is a hero with a wife, kids, and a mortgage." -- Marvin Kitman.
"A man can't get rich if he takes proper care of his family." - Navaho saying.
"Giving birth is like taking your lower lip and forcing it over your head." - Carol Burnett.  .
"You have to stay in shape.  My grandmother, she started walking five miles a day when she was 60.  She's 97 today and we don't know where she is!" -- Ellen DeGeneres.  .
"I'm not into working out.  My philosophy: No pain, no pain." -- Carol Leifer.
"You have a cough?  Go home tonight, eat a whole box of Ex-Lax -- tomorrow you'll be afraid to cough." -- Pearl Williams.
"Now comes the mystery" -- Henry Ward Beecher, dying words, March 8, 1887 .
"I don't feel good." -- Luther Burbank, dying words .
"The nourishment is palatable" -- Emily Dickinson, dying words .
"Dieu me pardonnera. C'est son métier." Translation: God forgive me. It's his job.  -- Heinrich Heine, dying words.
"Go on, get out.  Last words are for fools who haven't said enough." -- Karl Marx, dying words to his housekeeper.  .
"Why yes -- a bulletproof vest." -- James Rodges, murderer, on his final request before the firing squad.
"They couldn't hit an elephant at this dist--" -- John B. Sedwick, general, dying words, 1864
"I still live." -- Daniel Webster, dying words .
"Go away...I'm alright." -- H.G.Wells, dying words .
"Friends applaud, the Comedy is over." -- Ludwig von Beethoven, dying words
"Ah well, then I suppose I shall have to die beyond my means." -- Oscar Wilde, dying words
"I agree with the reforms, but I want nothing to change" -- Ion Luca Caragiale, Romanian playwriter, 1880 .
"Far too many development shops are run by fools who succeed despite their many failings." -- Brion L. Webster
"Never raise your hands to your kids. It leaves your groin unprotected." -- Red Button
"I'm in shape. Round is a shape." -- George Carlin .
"Do illiterate people get the full effect of alphabet soup?" -- John Mendoza .
"I've always wanted to be somebody, but I should have been more specific." -- George Carlin .
"Ever notice when you blow in a dog's face he gets mad at you, but when you take him in a car he sticks his head out the window?" -- George Carlin .
"Ever notice that anyone going slower than you is an idiot, but anyone going faster is a maniac?" -- George Carlin .
"I have six locks on my door, all in a row. When I go out, I lock every other one. I figure no matter how long somebody stands there picking the locks, they are always locking three of them." -- George Carlin .
"One out of every three Americans is suffering from some form of mental illness. Think of two of your best friends. If they are OK, then it must be you." -- George Carlin .
"They show you how detergents take out bloodstains. I think if you've got a T-shirt with bloodstains all over it, maybe your laundry isn't your biggest problem." -- George Carlin .
"Ask people why they have deer heads on their walls and they tell you it's because they're such beautiful animals. I think my wife is beautiful, but I only have photographs of her on the wall." -- George Carlin .
"A lady came up to me on the street, pointed at my suede jacket and said, 'Don't you know a cow was murdered for that jacket?' I said 'I didn't know there were any witnesses. Now I'll have to kill you too'." -- George Carlin .
"Future historians will be able to study at the Jimmy Carter Library, the Gerald Ford Library, the Ronald Reagan Library, and the Bill Clinton Adult Bookstore." -- George Carlin .
"Benny Goodman plays the clarinet. I play music." -- Artie Shaw .
"If you were my husband, I'd give you poison." -- Lady Astor to Churchill "If you were my wife, I'd take it." -- Curchill to Lady Astor .
"Sir, you will either die of the pox or on the gallows." -- The Earl Of Sandwich to John Wilkes "That depends, sir, On whether I embrace your mistress or your principles" -- John Wilkes to the Earl of Sandwich .
"He had delusions of adequacy." -- Walter Kerr .
"He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire." -- Winston Churchill .
"A modest little person, with much to be modest about." -- Winston Churchill .
"I have never killed a man, but I have read many obituaries with great pleasure." -- Clarence Darrow .
"He has never been known to use a word that might send a reader to the dictionary." -- William Faulkner about Ernest Hemingway "Poor Faulkner. Does he really think big emotions come from big words?" -- Ernest Hemingway about William Faulkner .
"Thank you for sending me a copy of your book; I'll waste no time reading it." -- Moses Hadas .
"He can compress the most words into the smallest idea of any man I know." -- Abraham Lincoln .
"I didn't attend the funeral, but I sent a nice letter saying I approved of it." -- Mark Twain .
"He has no enemies, but is intensely disliked by his friends." -- Oscar Wilde .
"I am enclosing two tickets to the first night of my new play; bring a friend... if you have one." -- George Bernard Shaw to Winston Churchill "Cannot possibly attend first night, will attend second... if there is one." - Winston Churchill, in response.  .
"I feel so miserable without you; it's almost like having you here." -- Stephen Bishop .
"He is a self-made man and worships his creator." -- John Bright .
"I've just learned about his illness. Let's hope it's nothing trivial." -- Irvin S. Cobb .
"He is not only dull himself, he is the cause of dullness in others." -- Samuel Johnson .
"He is simply a shiver looking for a spine to run up." -- Paul Keating .
"There's nothing wrong with you that reincarnation won't cure." -- Jack E. Leonard .
"He has the attention span of a lightning bolt." -- Robert Redford .
"They never open their mouths without subtracting from the sum of human knowledge." -- Thomas Brackett Reed .
"In order to avoid being called a flirt, she always yielded easily." -- Charles, Count Talleyrand .
"He loves nature in spite of what it did to him." -- Forrest Tucker .
"Why do you sit there looking like an envelope without any address on it?" -- Mark Twain .
"His mother should have thrown him away and kept the stork." -- Mae West .
"Some cause happiness wherever they go; others, whenever they go." -- Oscar Wilde .
"He uses statistics as a drunken man uses lamp-posts...  for support rather than illumination." -- Andrew Lang (1844-1912) .
"He has Van Gogh's ear for music." -- Billy Wilder .
Lady Astor: "Mr. Churchill, you're drunk!" Winston Churchill: "Yes, and you, Madam, are ugly. But tomorrow, I shall be sober." .
"I liked your opera. I think I will set it to music." -- Beethoven to a fellow composer .
"I must say Bernard Shaw is greatly improved by music." -- T.S. Elliot referring to 'My Fair Lady' .
"The best time I ever had with Joan Crawford was when I pushed her down the stairs in 'Whatever Happened to Baby Jane?'" -- Bette Davis .
"Why am I so good at playing bitches? I think it's because I'm not a bitch. Maybe that's why Miss Crawford always plays ladies." -- Bette Davis .
"Two things should be cut - the second act and the child's throat." -- Noel Coward on a dull play with an annoying child star .
"There are two ways of disliking poetry; one way is to dislike it, the other is to read Pope." -- Oscar Wilde on Alexander Pope .
"This is not a novel to be tossed aside lightly. It should be thrown with great force." -- Book review by Dorothy Parker .
"That's not writing; That's typing." -- Truman Capote on Jack Kerouac .
"[A book by Henry James] is like a church lit but without a congregation to distract you, with every light and line focused on the high altar. And on the altar, very reverently placed, intensely there, is a dead kitten, an eggshell, a bit of string." -- H.G. Wells on Henry James
"His book is much harder to read than it must have been to write." -- Christopher Hitchens about Bob Woodwars's new book, 'State of Denial'
"Let's not bring age into this discussion. I will not let my opponent's youth and inexperience become an issue." -- Ronald Reagan on Walter Mondale .
"Properly read, the Bible is the most potent force for atheism ever conceived." -- Isaac Asimov
